POS	we are given clues to something but they are never tied up .
POS	later on , the rednecks come back for revenge with four other people , and hauer kills a few of them .
POS	there are some great shots , some lovely steadiocam and handheld camera sequences , and lots of other neat directional touches .
POS	henderson begins a series profiling an orphanage located on the front lines .
NEG	and this is the screenwriter of seven ?
NEG	this is a story that needed sent down for seasoning and more coaching .
NEG	the film , after all these silly gags , then suddenly turns sentimental , and this is where big daddy really goes from bad to hideous .
POS	you root for her despite her sense of amorality .
POS	when our hero , hutter , first steps onto the doomed carriage to count orlock's castle , we hear a well-timed " now you're dead ! "
NEG	disc one contains everything mentioned for the regular release .
POS	an african named juba ( djimon hounsou ) treats maximus' wounds .
POS	david lee wilson , who plays ( appropriately enough ) david lee is accurately evil as the second in command skinhead who also makes extra money performing oral sex on other men ( an irony that seems lost on the other skinheads ) .
POS	in doing this , mckellar ( who also wrote and directed the film ) seems to be trying to transcend the genre .
NEG	so do i .
NEG	( only in the movies , right ? )
POS	next we are introduced to another great character named cappie ( charlie sheen ) .
POS	everything is ordinary--yet beautiful--in this film .
NEG	ridicously trite characterization makes the entire south out to be ingnorant , hateful goobers .
NEG	late in the movie , jeffries is forced to enlist the aid of a pretty young woman named stacey ( kim dickens ) who he meets at a coffee shop .
NEG	but as soon as boy actually finds girl , instead of following what might have been a promising ( or at least not completely fucking boring ) thriller , the film degenerates into the worst dissection of the virgin/whore complex since milk money .
POS	june foray , who supplies grandmother fa's speaking voice , is a venerable voice actress who may be best known for her work as rocky the squirrel and natasha fatale ( as in boris and natasha ) .
POS	" nixon " is a modern shakespeare story - a saga about a ruler destroyed by his fatal flaws .
NEG	on the positive side , walker is a charismatic actor who is due for a breakout role following this and his supporting turn in pleasantville ( 1998 ) .
POS	from a hysterical scene involving a music group to the dreaded beast outside jabba's sand barge , the effects are top notch .
POS	the cable guy has its bad spots , like most any movie .
NEG	- gorilla brought to hong kong by greedy entrepreneur who really abuses the ape before it escapes and tears things up real good .
POS	also disappointing is natascha mcelhone's character sylvia .
NEG	a fireplace guarded by stone lions gapes like a sinister mouth .
NEG	the film is a little long for the subject matter .
NEG	accordingly , you just put a " 1'' in front of it-- and bingo -- you get " 1999 . ''
POS	scorsese managed to create a vision which is effective and complete despite being full of contradictions that would ripped the film apart in the hands of less talented filmmaker .
POS	it's also a musical , with almost no words not unsung .
POS	the film also seems to have benefited from a budget , with the night-club scenes in particular looking pretty good .
NEG	at one point , smith defies gravity when first boarding kline's train .
POS	it's a fine premise , and this little movie uses it to the limit .
POS	her husband , played by david cronenberg , is spending the day working at the gas company , informing people that they will attempt to keep providing gas right up until the end .
NEG	it's director is the usual action movie style .
POS	not exactly oscar caliber , but one helluva bullet-riddled good time .
POS	the story begins with a police dog capturing a mobster and biting off one of his testicles in the process .
POS	the following months were treacherous to their hopes and research as they are contantly pressured by the government but all that changed when one day , she caught an emission of a seemingly intelligent repeating sound-wave .
NEG	" an intimate , character-driven drama about a troubled youth at a crossroads in his life , " read the press notes for _reach_the_rock_ .
NEG	now that would be scary .
POS	you'll even find characters peering into the camera , their faces smeared across the wide-angle lens .
POS	it's the classic wrong-side-of-the-tracks story , and does sometimes resort to a few cliches .
POS	i also have to " give it up " to all of the actors inside the costumes , not only for waking up at three in the morning every day to get make-up slobbered all over them for 2-4 hours , but for coming through their costumed exteriors and selling us their characters on the screen as well .
POS	my understanding is that the release will be delayed .
NEG	" it's okay , " she gasps , " i got to have you ! "
POS	is it even logical ?
POS	in order to regain national prestige , us government decides to be the first to send man into space .
NEG	" spawn " features good guys , bad guys , lots of fighting , bloody violence , a leather-clad machine gun chick , gooey , self-healing bullet holes , scatological humor and a man-eating monster .
POS	i knew from the start that i was going to witness the actions of his character rather than the actor attempting the character .
POS	but when the time comes to fight , yuen biao has never looked better .
NEG	i love the " batman " series .
NEG	in fact , the movie seems lucky to be interested in anything at all , it's so elegaic and limp .
NEG	there are very few aspects of the film that move the story and those that do don't make sense .
POS	at one point , marcy dawson ( pamela hart , great fun ) entices max with the offer of an invaluable treasure : a one-of-a-kind . . .
POS	steven soderbergh gives the film sharp and stylistic direction .
NEG	then , as welles begins his investigation , at times we will see a shadowy figure following him .
POS	mamoru oshii is a name that probably isn't very well-known to most american audiences , but perhaps it should be .
NEG	" the jackal " tries to mix both elements .
NEG	" mystery men " drags on towards the end to a point where anything else in the world is more entertaining .
POS	that's about the entire plot , save for the spats with ellen's manager ( a hilarious rick moranis ) , an encounter with a doo-wop group that winds up becoming ellen's supporting act , and a whole gang of other fun little touches .
POS	before this trend was in vogue , angela carter--whose stories always have a dark , wicked , subversive edge--had been reinventing fairy tales for years .
POS	groeteschele seems to forget these people are human beings with emotions ; general black quickly reminds him that the soviets would attack out of revenge--as any normal person would .
POS	coyle's best friend is dillon ( boyle ) , a hit man for the mob , working as a bartender .
POS	rocky's longtime trainer dies , causing rocky to train with his former opponent apollo creed .
NEG	bigglesworth .
POS	you have to reach for a larger audience .
NEG	he finds the musketeers in paris disbanded and drunk , so he rounds up aramis ( nick moran ) , athos ( jan gregor kremp ) and porthos ( steven spiers ) to free the musketeer's wrongfully imprisoned leader treville from the king's prison .
POS	he has finally gotten a new home after being put up for adoption , he now lives with the littles .
NEG	of course , seeing as how five years has passed , wanda has fallen for -- and married -- simmons' partner ( d . b .
NEG	let's see , where should i start ?
NEG	this is the kind of movie that pisses me off .
NEG	what they don't realise is that the plane's pilot was also a drug dealer , and that the plane had been sabotaged by the latter's erstwhile colleagues .
NEG	all the puppets have been carefully carved out of walnuts--except for the animated stuffed rats .
NEG	one of their classmates , carl jenkins ( " doogie houser's " neil patrick harris , ) snags a job in military intelligence because of his strong psychic abilities .
NEG	what memphis is doing ?
NEG	he made way too many tv appearances .
NEG	budget , de bont and screenwriter david self make hash out of a perfectly lovely piece of terror .
NEG	this should be enough to warrant a response from the audience , but leder wants to go farther and shows us the person's face while drifting into space .
POS	matt's good at gambling but he's also got potential to be a great lawyer .
NEG	michelle ( who plays penny , gadget's niece ) shines in every scene she's in , but unfortunately she only gets about nine minutes of screen time .
NEG	battlefield long , boring and just plain stupid
POS	for adults , it's a fractured fairy tale packed with rude jokes that will sail over the heads of the kids .
NEG	as long as some of them keep making money , i suspect the answer is never .
NEG	at times it seems like " armageddon " and started to get old and tiresome .
NEG	the tagline for this film is : " some houses are just born bad " .
NEG	you can tell things aren't going pleasantly , because jimmie gets the infamous ? deer-in-the-headlights' look when anne questions his approach .
NEG	yikes , how's about taking it down a few notches there , fellas ?
NEG	she's utterly charming , and has excellent experience ( harriet the spy ) for the part of the pint-size detective .
POS	in a time when almost every movie feels obligated to come in at pg-13 so that they can rake in the maximum cash , it's great to see a filmmaker with the guts to target only a mature audience .
POS	showing ripley fall in slow motion is a nice touch , but by actually not showing her hit the vat of iron , a great deal of symbolism is derived .
POS	totemic camera shots and color-saturated scenery are decidedly uncommon in demme's films , but the few he uses here work to the film's benefit .
POS	both films follow young men as they illicitly fight the traditional system for their own desires .
POS	for the matter , the dragon offers a few surprises as well .
POS	unfortunately , making fun of generalizations about a past era is too easy to be rewarding .
POS	but the way we're using comedy to present homosexuality is also changing quite dramatically .
POS	while this is going on , danny and his old drunkard buddie , ike ( ken stott , who played the chief inspector in danny boyle's " shallow grave " ) , re-open an old gym which allows the two opposing religios sects , protestant and catholics , to work together .
NEG	and if we don't care about him , and we really don't care about her ( she's a beeyatch and as confused as we are about her actual motivations in the film ) , who the hell are we supposed to care about in this film ?
POS	i sat there and sat there and sat there waiting for something to happen .
NEG	for instance , van damme is introduced , and then seconds later he's running a chariot race through the streets of hong kong .
POS	for example , while beating the crap out of an obnoxious russian thug who obviously deserves what he's getting , alain stops long enough to look at his own reflection in the cracked mirror with which he has been whacking the guy on the head .
NEG	explaining his duties , he says , " people make promises and break them .
POS	having not seen , " who framed roger rabbit " in over 10 years , and not remembering much besides that i liked it then , i decided to rent it recently .
NEG	brother andrew is also an actor .
NEG	when the film ends , there is a moment of confusion , then recollection , then some more confusion , then possibly a second viewing for clarification .
NEG	i bring it up because the tv series was supposed to take place in 1997 .
POS	( as an aside , " drunken master " was the first jackie chan movie i ever saw , and i saw it the way it was meant to be seen . . . in
POS	she is obviously in on the joke , slyly taking jabs at herself and at the situation .
NEG	even the children in the audience seemed restless .
POS	in his absence , he has assigned buzz lightyear ( tim allen ) , now comfortable in his role as a toy , to take charge .
POS	upon orders from his boss , hutter treks to the transylvanian mountains to visit orlock's castle and speak to him about his new home ( which just happens to be right next door to hutter's ) .
NEG	gary busey as todd's commanding officer is completely wasted in his low-key role .
POS	other than that , i had a very enjoyable time .
POS	he shows margaret a videotape of beau having sex with reese and demands $50 , 000 or he'll turn the tape over to the reno police .
NEG	the first scene in the film , which shows the wannabes trying to save the day , feels like it was seriously edited down .
POS	the script -- based on hunter adams' own story -- works well this way .
POS	and believe me , i'm not an easy critic to impress : the english patient was too long , men in black was over-hyped , and several of the " big summer releases " were dead in the water .
POS	everything is performed in an orderly ( but still quite gory ) fashion - one side shoots , then the other side , then the remaining soldiers charge .
POS	i also like these types of " guy " movies a lot , and even though the film doesn't bring much originality to the table , it does offer a pretty coherent story , some nice twists and turns , humor and a big ol' helping of whoop-ass coming straight from costner and russell's respective boots .
NEG	funny how your expectations can be defeated , and not in good ways .
POS	and not only has the idea been done too many times , but with the possible exception of from dusk 'till dawn , has not been done very well lately , either .
NEG	then there are the bad twists .
POS	harry connick jr . does a nice characterization as dean , and i really enjoyed the voice work of john mahoney ( of tv's " frasier " ) as an army general called in by agent mansley .
POS	some may be disappointed with the matrix .
POS	child actor ellen muth is also worth noting as the young selena during the flashback sequences ; she is very impressive .
POS	the series was simple , it was about this time lord scientist called the doctor with thirteen lives who traveled around in a type forty spaceship called a tardis outsmarting all kind of alien baddies , including the evil daleks , and the master , who appears in this feature , played very badly by eric roberts .
POS	and needless to say , i must say that emmanuelle beart , herself , is beautiful .
POS	review by jamahl epsicokhan --------------------
NEG	i tend to think of the image that seems to dominate the movie for me . . . watching
POS	malcolm gradually begins to realize that cole is telling the truth .
NEG	the madness of king george 107 min .
NEG	headey's too busy acting , using her face and furrowed brow to convey every last twitch of insouciance .
POS	don't worry about the production values , or what , exactly , the japanese girl was doing hitchhiking across the sahara .
NEG	family drama ?
NEG	director michael cuesta lingers on an ecstatic reaction shot of big john , who may as well be hearing glenn gould performing bach's goldberg variations .
NEG	the chase severely limits the interplay of ape and human and the examination of each's place in this reversed society , each important in the book .
POS	remarkably enough , most of the movie is played for laughs .
POS	it has been 20 years since a terrence malick film hit theaters .
POS	while the settling into tried-and-true formula is a little disconcerting , the formula is tried-and-true for a reason , and jeunet tackles the proceedings with giddy abandon .
NEG	microwave an egg in its shell .
NEG	braxton ( chris penn ) and kennesaw ( michael rooker ) are two cops investigating the brutal murder of a prostitute ( renee zellweger ) .
NEG	cage should have known what he was getting himself into .
NEG	even the characters stink -- none of them are remotely interesting , so much that the film becomes a race to see which one can out-bland the others .
POS	now , lets first look into the history of shark films .
NEG	we men often wonder what women talk about when they are alone in groups , and i imagine this film gives me a pretty good idea .
NEG	but , then again , i had to suffer through her movie .
NEG	they are not interesting .
POS	well , in blade , they run multinational companies in order to finance their vampire organizations .
NEG	so basically some of the action may have been exciting but genuinely over-thought , the plot has certainly been done before ( generally speaking ) , the movie moves way too fast for us to get involved in either the characters or the plot , and is basically a film that was almost saved by tommy lee jones , who if he had some more screentime , could perhaps have earned the film a higher rating ; in my book , anyway .
POS	" you'll go ape over tarzan because it's more fun than a barrel of monkeys ! "
POS	they soon make a new year's resolution to get into rehab , but that proves to be easier said than done .
POS	finally , the back of the dvd case states " and now , with this special dvd version , you can see all 3 surprise endings " .
NEG	in the film , rose mcgowan fares the best .
POS	it resorts to fancy cinematography and special effects to create the right effect and doesn't always succeed .
NEG	if there had only been more sequences like this , that relied on tautness and suspense rather than loud bursts of music , _urban legend_ might've been worth your money .
POS	the cast is well chosen , neve campbell pulls off a good heroine ( and unlike most horror film heroines , she * can * act ) , drew barrymore does a good janet leigh impression for what little time she has in the film , and david arquette is impressive .
POS	titanic , then , although not the godfather of movies it could of been , is a wonderful attempt at creating a work of genius .
POS	well , i've never seen jane fonda or meryl streep in a walter hill film , and at this rate , i doubt i ever will .
NEG	sometimes it seems as if murphy made harlem nights just so he could wear fancy suits and look debonair .
NEG	deep impact begins the official summer movie season , and it also brings back memories of 1997 .
NEG	and that is the main deficiency with " never been kissed . "
NEG	" the gift " is basically a glorified b-movie .
POS	farquaad agrees to relocate the pests , on the condition that shrek rescues princess fiona ( diaz ) -- whom farquaad desires to wed -- from a far-off castle .
POS	doesn't sound too unreasonable to me , considering the genre .
NEG	paxton and theron are talented performers who deserve to work on a script that provides characters for them .
NEG	some crew members watch two ships colliding in an old movie .
NEG	if it were boring , i'd give it zero stars .
POS	second trilogy . . .
NEG	catherine zeta-jones is currently dating flabby ass actor michael " sex is my life " douglas .
POS	rat race's cast is first rate .
POS	( although i would like to have seen colm meaney in a white star uniform , or even as the ill-fated engineer . )
NEG	the family scenes from the first nutty professor worked so well because their conversations were short and direct .
POS	then , on an ill-fated flight from new york to his wedding in savannah , ben meets sarah lewis ( sandra bullock ) , a free-spirited woman with a string of failed careers and relationships behind her .
NEG	great film , even today .
NEG	it was with great anticipation that i sat down to view braveheart last week as it premiered on american cable .
POS	malone acts as a mentor to ness .
NEG	matt dillon is given plenty of opportunities to flex his biceps .
NEG	the stern mr . kalman ( krabb ? ) is not friendly to her and considers her to be a whore because of the way she dresses .
POS	if you were expecting airplane ! -like
POS	conversely , " chicken run " doesn't lean on its parodies -- the film references are never the sole focus of any scene .
POS	think that's enough ?
NEG	a country-wide man hunt is on for him to catch him and bring him down .
POS	i can hardly imagine a more accurate depiction of what christmas for young ralphie must have been like .
NEG	reporters flee to the scene .
NEG	wouldn't the flames burn off the fingerprints ?
POS	when the film opens , the accident has already happened , and stephens ( the wonderful holm ) , a polite ambulance-chaser , has arrived with the promise of a lawsuit that will eek out the truth of what really occurred that fateful morning .
NEG	when daryl returns , he enters the house , of course , so our heroine is in danger .
POS	i've never been a member of the robin williams fan club .
NEG	" family values " aside , there's something cruel about all this .
NEG	he hounds and harries and humiliates his " best friend " marty ( played by brad renfro ) and marty's girlfriend lisa ( rachel miner ) doesn't care for it at all and comes up with the idea of killing bobby .
NEG	it makes sitting through sphere a frustrating and pointless experience .
NEG	each of them shines occasionally , but basically what we have are good performers stuck in a bad vehicle .
POS	while a lot of theatres have good sound systems , my ears were almost ringing as i walked out of the theatre ( the sound is particularly irritating and will make you crap your pants if you're not careful ) .
NEG	in short , i felt as if i were subjected to a mix between a pro-nazi war film with bugs substituted for allies , a drivers education accident scene film , and a complete blank screen ( the plot , of course ) .
POS	the main subject is a love story , and the family scenes i love so much unfortunately are overused and distract from the turmoil of the two main characters ( whose story might not have that much meat after all ) .
POS	one of the men remarks , jokingly , that their little group is probably one of the last places in the city where the different religions can still get along .
POS	the dialogue is sharp and not filled with sappy overtones , even with the romantic nature of the plot .
POS	by now ( or then - 1983 ) , mark hamill , harrison ford , and carrie fisher have all matured in their on-screen personas .
NEG	he does a pretty good job but i can't blame keanu reeves for declining this part .
POS	jp3 probably functions better as a sequel than jp2 .
POS	i give it a b+ .
POS	they even come up with an inspired riff on something that's baffled scholars and theologians alike for decades : the chicken vs . egg dilemma .
NEG	your first clue that something isn't gonna be quite right with the movie you're about to see : it's heavily christmas-themed and its release date is , oh , say , at the end of february .
POS	little do they know that the castle is owned by dr . frank n . furter , a mad transexual transvestite scientist who has recently created a creature he will use for personal reasons .
POS	unfortunately , during the landing , all but one of the survivors from aliens is killed .
POS	all of these work in their own respects and have some pretty decent balancing betwixt the three elements of the story , but somehow it seems kind of cliched and unoriginal .
POS	when a new year's eve party ends with cookie comatose after a drug overdose , spoon and stretch begin to wonder if they are living on borrowed time .
NEG	the perfect storm was unfortunately a disappointment .
POS	one such moment occurs when she approaches him in his car as he is leaving school one day .
NEG	the best thing about the movie is watching penn react to the madness around him and try to figure out exactly what the blankety-blank is going on .
NEG	he buried them in a garden during the war while fleeing the nazis , but can't locate them now due to all the changes in the city .
POS	visually , the movie was also nice to look at ( especially the apes ! ) , but i definitely expected greater coolness from tim burton .
NEG	but you hold hope for some time .
NEG	stallone seems like that one uncle you have who tries to be cool with his members only jacket and izod polo shirt with the collar popped up .
NEG	it becomes background noise while your mind starts concentrating on things like , 'what's for tea ? ' and 'should you cut the lawn later ? '
POS	it's totally unbelievable that carol would ever consider liking melvin .
POS	so whether you're lonesome tonight or any other night , remember to pack the teddy bear with bullets , leave your little sister at home , bring your bossa nova baby and rock out of that jailhouse , cause this movie ain't one to return to the sender .
POS	another man seems to be collecting televisions , keeping at least fifteen sets running at the same time and playing tapes of a graduate student who recorded himself having a nervous breakdown and destroying the camera .
POS	rather than recast the role ( and end up reshooting a great deal of footage ) , a digital version of oliver reed was created at a reported cost of 2 million dollars .
POS	elizabeth takes place in england in 1554 , as queen mary , half sister of elizabeth and a monarch on the side of catholicism is dying .
POS	following this harrowing experience , he has his first chance meeting that begins the unconscious construction of his ideal family .
POS	most films are like that .
POS	i think some reviewers found it weak , and that may be a fair criticism .
NEG	instead of a peppy pop score , which would arguably work to better effect , most of the action is set to a bombastic orchestral score that belongs somewhere else .
NEG	snake eyes is a criminal act , an evil waste of time and talent .
NEG	there are a lot of silly giggles that come forth and the film has just enough of an acting performance by brenda blethyn to breathe air into it before it comes to its belated finale , as it drones on with its transparently gratuitous upbeat tone , until it makes the audience feel good that the sweet old lady succeeded .
NEG	in the movie ichabod crane ( johnny depp ) is a new york city police constable who is trying to introduce scientific methods of investigation to his superiors .
NEG	parents will be thrilled because they'll finally have something to drag little austin and kayla to see that doesn't smell nearly as much like ass as digimon did .
POS	cole sear ( haley joel osment ) is a withdrawn kid who is called " freak " by the other boys in the neighborhood .
NEG	the spy game is up .
POS	so , it is a natural progression when she decides to run for school president .
NEG	returns to its documentary style , but at that point any lingering sense that wood had the slightest idea what he was doing is pretty much gone .
POS	in the end , though , the first contact subplot doesn't detract from the enjoyment of the film as a whole .
POS	ok , that's off my chest .
NEG	also figuring into the story is jerome facher ( robert duvall ) , beatrice foods' corporate counsel , who finds himself in heated waters when jan will not accept his $20-million offer to settle the case .
POS	the other couple , lucky ( nick nolte ) and phyllis mann ( julie christie ) , are an older pair , but they're no more content than jeffrey and marianne .
NEG	take out the helicopters , the quasi-incestuous relationship between the mother and her sons ( it is absolutely illogical , within the movie's framework , that dorian still lives with his mother and brother ) , and the scenes of murder ( attempted and otherwise ) , and what are you left with ?
NEG	she was the femme in " la femme nikita . "
NEG	as the absent-minded professor who invents the titular computer-generated goop , a listless robin williams manages the difficult task of making original lead fred macmurray seem sprightly .
POS	his ability to convey feeling and character while promoting explosiveness and tense atmosphere works well here , and ronin becomes a better movie because of it .
POS	natural child birth is considered old-fashioned .
NEG	hmmm , and i wonder what will happen to those two cookie-cutter " evil " guys who have nothing in their system but hate and negativity .
NEG	children are not muppets .
POS	shannon arrives in that country only to find oppressive regime of president kimba , bloodthirsty madman whose brutality crushed any opposition and scared almost any westerners away .
POS	it was as if the actors were puppets on strings that the director controlled and they just spewed out their generalized philosophies .
POS	but not about carly .
POS	although i enjoyed the film immensely , let me make this clear : " very bad things , " is not a movie for everyone .
NEG	i would give it one half of a star for guts .
NEG	so ho's need pimps . ''
NEG	and , much as lange would probably prefer movie-goers to develop amnesia regarding that particular entry on her resume , every once in a while she does work that is reminiscent of it , if only in quality .
POS	after finding the weekly fees for private lessons from the elegant and beautiful mai ( tamiyo kusakari ) too rich for his blood , sugiyama opts for groups lessons simply to be near her .
NEG	.
NEG	in one very very very long steadicam shot , we meet the protagonist , crooked atlantic city detective , rick santoro ( cage ) , and follow him before a boxing match as he talks on his cell phone with his wife , interupts a pay-per-view event on tv , chases down a gambler , enters the arena all pumped up for the fight , sits down and talks with his bud , kevin dunne ( gary sinise , who's character should not be confused with that of actor kevin dunn , who's also in this ) , and watches as it happens .
POS	hank returns home and finds his wife in the middle of a musical put on by the military wives , including the co's wife ( snodgress ) .
NEG	who cranked up the andrews sisters on the cd player and caused the swing to move on its own ?
NEG	not everything has to be explained to death , but there are major questions that the film never answers .
POS	a tunnel connecting new york and new jersey has both sides collapses when a group of robbers collide with a truck carrying * very * flammable toxic waste .
POS	out of four film adaptations in as many years , the witty and inventive out of sight gives get shorty a run for its money as the best leonard adaptation around .
NEG	so is anything salvageable in this movie ?
POS	bulworth is a film with many advantages , and few flaws .
NEG	now , how in the world can somebody as nerdy ( but in a funny way ) as he can be the most popular kid in the school . . .
POS	tracy flick ( reese witherspoon ) is an over-achiever with her hand raised at nearly every question , way , way , high .
POS	there are only a few boxing scenes , but they're never like " raging bull " /let's-strip-down-the-sport-to-its-bones brilliant .
NEG	unfortunately , there is nothing that could help this film .
NEG	such is the case with _urban legend_ , the new horror film from first time director jamie blanks .
POS	( " nice twist , " quips the killer .
NEG	this is the sort of film where somebody stands up to a bully , the bully looks at the " rebel " threateningly , about to hurt him , and then everyone else whom the bully has heretofore controlled stands up too .
NEG	there's a whole segment devoted to net-surfing monks that i have yet to figure out .
POS	as a filmmaker , alda's style of humor is remarkably restrained and tasteful .
NEG	wow .
POS	wag the dog takes the issue one step further and asks , what if the war wasn't even real ?
NEG	to know this guy is as rewarding as being thrown over a terrace .
NEG	also , the phenomenal instrumental troupe kodo has assembled a superior soundtrack -- get the cd -- that manages to survive despite the drek it's been designed to accompany .
POS	carrie henn gives an above average performance for a child , developing a three-dimensional character from her quiet attitude .
POS	maybe because you know your life is much better than this , you know these guys are more pathetic than you are , and you know its ok to laugh at them because they're fictional .
NEG	the only exception is rob schneider , who is actually quite funny a lot of the time .
NEG	steve miner is the only director who helmed more than one film in the series .
NEG	if i was paltrow , though , i'd definitely go with mortensen .
NEG	french directors luc besson ( " la femme nikita " ) and george sluizer ( " the vanishing " ) followed woo's lead and made dumbed down versions of those movies .
NEG	muresan should have studied for some pointers .
POS	. . .
POS	you can watch the film as it was presented on home video or you can select to watch it with one of the three endings randomly chosen for you .
POS	as donnie , keanu reeves ( 2000's " the watcher " ) makes an utterly convincing backwoods meanie , so much so that it is difficult to believe he is an actor at all .
NEG	lynch wants the audience to argue about what they have seen afterward and come up with theories .
NEG	unfortunately by then , the film hits rock bottom .
POS	one of the nicest elements of this film is that most of the characters actually have personalities .
NEG	following the opening credits , which fill you in on the accomplishments of the raines family through a montage of old photos , we was taken full throttle into the splendor that is memphis .
NEG	of course , no tweaking of the content to change the rating could have saved tarzan and the lost city , since the film's troubles originated with the script and were propagated all the way down the line .
NEG	have ben affleck , for some reason i'll never understand , pretend he's his dead prison buddy so that he can get his girlfriend , played by charlize theron .
POS	the deprivation/appreciation cycle is a major theme of american beauty .
NEG	* * * * amazing , potent stuff .
NEG	" the blair witch project " , that cost less than an old car , managed to shock and terrify the audiences from their senses .
NEG	it was groan-inducing .
NEG	it's another bloody showdown , complete with cliffhanger ending .
POS	given that " casablanca " is fingal's favorite film , and the basis for his fantasy world , a great deal of the movie is homage to " casablanca " .
POS	a life less ordinary is quirky , eccentric , and downright charming !
NEG	are you still with me ?
POS	exposing politicians as narrow-minded , opportunistic hypocrites is fairly standard stuff , of course , but spielberg and writer david franzoni do it well enough that it still comes off as something more than just a simple exercise in audience manipulation .
POS	also , it is given that tibbs is a vigilant homicide detective who is the best at what he does , but some of his discoveries came out of nowhere and how he found out some of the important case details towards the end were never answered .
POS	not quite the denmark of the 1600's , the characters' attire is something of a cross between that era and turn of the century russia , very effectively giving the film more of a timeless feel .
POS	" jude " moves at a very slow pace , and keeps taunting its viewers with chances of happiness for its protagonists , which would drive some people nuts .
POS	hoffman , on the other hand , is giddy , exuberant and joyous .
POS	at least that's how it is all beginning .
NEG	police procedure is not given a moment's genuine thought anywhere .
NEG	once mccabe escapes , the film becomes the fugitive in reverse and with no thrills .
NEG	the twilight murders , another one from the series , is dealing with the case of gordon kahl ( played by rod steiger ) , old farmer from north dakota who would rather spend a year in prison than pay taxes to the despised u . s . government .
NEG	while " freddy got fingered " has the admirable end result of depicting the harm in demeaning a child's self esteem , it's essentially a whole lot of tom green running around being noisy .
NEG	cheating them like this is offensive and unpardonable .
POS	the lead role is played by 3 different actors , with the teenage-david ( taylor ) and adult-david ( rush ) standing out .
NEG	suffice to say that everything done right in " wanda " is done wrong here .
NEG	steve buscemi's character-the wiseass-is exceptionally problematic .
NEG	just don't have the words .
POS	with no choice available to her , bowman's wife alice ( ryan ) hires terry thorne ( crowe ) , a highly skilled negotiator and rescue operative , to arrange the return of her husband .
POS	he is hired by the university to monitor the dangers of pesticides and all the chemicals the farmer is almost forced to use to survive financially , as it is doing irreparable harm to him and the consumer because of all the health risks attached to this new way of farming , methods that have just come about in the last thirty- years and are being pushed by the big companies to enhance their profit margins .
NEG	the stunts and action are badly filmed , and badly choreographed .
POS	they will have a lot of fun watching this one .
NEG	todd 3465 ( kurt russell ) is a living , breathing archetype .
POS	all in all , i give this film an .
POS	jump back a few years to a meeting among the black leaders in the belgian-owned congo .
NEG	the movie .
POS	still , the issue of an american president using war and patriotism to distract from scandals or domestic unpopularity is a very real one .
POS	there's more to a quilt than fabric and thread--each patchwork design has its own unique story ( or stories ) to tell .
NEG	and he found out again and again and again . "
POS	a lesser animated feature would have drawn up paper-thin stereotypes and figure the kids won't mind , but " the iron giant " has clearly put a little work into making the characters real , and it pays off .
POS	where's joblo coming from ?
POS	the next scene is brilliant .
POS	the primary reason i enjoyed this film was , that while being a comedy , the film also had an intelligent story to tell .
NEG	and so , yada yada yada , they reveal the comet to the public and their plans : send a massive spacecraft out to destroy it before it can arrive .
NEG	" mercury rising " has numerous flaws , but there is one that really stands out : its central plot device is unnecessary .
POS	anyone simply looking for a fun , escapist entertainment that requires little-to-no thinking will find this film to be a more-than-welcome kiss .
NEG	after a quick makeover , fern is transformed into vylette , the beautiful " new girl " at school , and a full-fledged member of the popular crowd .
POS	what makes it so unsettling is the francie's overall wink-wink yet matter-of-fact attitude about everything , expressed in a cheeky voiceover narration delivered by the adult francie ( rea again ) .
POS	as most everyone knows , the results were , well , less-than-stellar .
POS	the cinematography gives the movie an important feeling , as well .
NEG	he's playing an un-named lone denizen of the sea , a man called the " mariner , " who turns out to be a gilled , water-breathing mutant with webbed feet .
POS	i own the document in question .
NEG	he's still a pseudo-intellectual , whiny , nice guy , except here he also happens to be a jock .
NEG	with teaching mrs . tingle , his directorial debut , williamson has reached the end of his rope .
POS	he sees the slurs and the vandalism , and while feeling the weight of = the verbal attacks , he still has the audacity to see if everyone around = him , perhaps even the antagonists , laugh .
POS	and like his other miserable friends , pop music is where he inevitably goes for comfort .
POS	in the end , i was left with the impression that i had witnessed quite an oxymoron : a haunting bore .
NEG	* there are too many characters that are introduced as being potentially important , but then never seen again .
NEG	they do tease us a few times with scenes where you almost see her topless but if she is nude , it's so quick you can't even tell for sure whether you're seeing her andersons or not .
NEG	in a sci-fi movie ?
NEG	and like the saint , the jackal changes his look over and over and over again to elude people .
NEG	production values are shoddy .
POS	men in black is a reference to the black suits and sunglasses the agents wear , and they're mission is to investigate reports of alien landings and keep the aliens under control while they're here on earth .
NEG	to tell the truth , i enjoyed portions of this movie , but i liked it a lot better over 30 years ago when it was called " 2001 " .
NEG	i imagine the japanese gods smiled down on lambert and provided him with a goof field that radiates out about ten feet from his body .
NEG	the main character , played by tea leoni , is a low-level broadcast journalist for msnbc ( and that's the mere tip of the product-placement iceberg ) who stumbles upon a huge government conspiracy .
NEG	basically , he says , it boils down to a lack of imagination among the majority of writers .
NEG	there might as well be giant signs flashing : " feel good now ! "
NEG	if only some of that same detailed attention had been diverted to the remaining parts of the film .
POS	[pg]
POS	donald sutherland has fathered actor kiefer sutherland , is canadian , and apparently still owns a place in the north of montreal .
POS	the supporting cast is enjoyable , if a little underdrawn .
POS	when vaughn finally relents , hooper and brody join a crusty old shark killer named quint ( robert shaw ) on his decrepit boat , the orca , to search for the shark .
POS	hints are dropped from various times of the night kimble's wife , helen ( sela ward ) was murdered .
NEG	if so , they were sadly mistaken .
POS	it pulls out all the stops to create something fresh , original , and hilarious , even if that requires surprisingly graphic violence , gore , and a slew of truly hateful characters that all get what they deserve by the end .
NEG	because every movie like this needs an unnecessary villain to thwart the good guy .
NEG	when her father dies , she stays on in his house even though she is mistreated by her wicked stepmother rodmilla ( anjelica huston ) .
POS	nazis and slave traders : both treat groups of others as less than human .
NEG	a fireplace guarded by stone lions gapes like a sinister mouth .
POS	batman , of course , is perhaps his best-known film and led to a string of less successful sequels .
POS	his ultimately uplifting story is a magic piece of theatre craft .
POS	searching for a way to get information on the government , osnard sets his sights on harry pendel ( geoffrey rush ) , an unctuous tailor serving the panamanian elite .
NEG	after years of reports of budget overruns and reshoots and the racking up twelve different release dates , the media has been prepped for beatty's next " ishtar . "
NEG	eat pancakes at noon .
POS	i loved this movie , it is far and away one of the best films i have seen all year .
POS	but for over an hour , city of angels is well worth the time .
NEG	even though annie wasn't exactly a rocket scientist in speed , here some of her actions just make you want to beat your head against a wall .
NEG	tenley , a name only a hack screenwriter could invent , is unlike her snobbish counterparts and falls for ryan .
POS	" book of shadows " feels incredibly controlled and restrict .
POS	but even charming guys end up unlucky , and jack ends up in jail .
POS	lastly , who are the ideal companions for this sort of movie ? my grandmother comes to mind .
POS	in my opinion , there was not nearly enough foreshadowing of anakin's future evil in the film .
NEG	firstly , morgan freeman , possibly the greatest actor alive ( after such films as driving miss daisy , the shawshank redemption and se7en ) , was cast as a shifty goon intent on stealing enough money for a healthy retirement .
POS	before he gets out of prison he could easily be mistaken for that almod ? var favorite , antonio banderas .
NEG	he starred in february's " the pest , " a movie that i still think is the year's worst so far , although this one does give it a run for its money .
NEG	.
POS	the story unfolds itself slowly and the suspense buildup is superb , up till the point where i really felt like saying out loud `enough !
NEG	i would recommend that those who felt seasick at " the blair witch project " stay far away from " detroit rock city , " because the witch has got nothing on this baby .
NEG	such hope inevitably leads to expectations of its realization and when those expectations aren't met , the results are far worse than if there was no hope .
POS	her hair , a very dull dark brown , has no color .
POS	my real concern , though , was the general reputation of snl-related movies translating to the big screen with less-than-stellar results ( half-baked , anyone ? )
POS	harrison ford has done one role for several years .
POS	a few of them even suggested that it would prove a worthy successor to stanley kubrick's " dr .
POS	the film focuses on the fledgling republic of planets and the conflict that is raging : the trade federation , angry at some tax raise that was recently put in place has invaded the small , peaceful planet of naboo .
POS	opinion : don't expect thought-provoking issues or dramatics .
POS	however , i , bringing my american preconceptions , enjoyed the film .
NEG	a great cast of respected supporting actors .
NEG	of course , what else should one expect in a film that does virtually nothing right ?
NEG	in fact , the movie might have been more interesting if he had had a more active role , rather than just being carted around under willis' arm .
POS	a life less ordinary was a delight and even had a bonus for me when i realized it was filmed in my hometown of salt lake city , utah .
POS	national lampoon's animal house , made in 1978 and set in 1962 , remains one of the -- no , fuck that noise -- * the * funniest movie ever made .
NEG	a few months into the summer , however , i noticed that its release date had been changed a few times , and that it had ended up in the mid-august dumping ground .
POS	bluto , played by the late , great john belushi , is the man .
POS	not to mention the acting is generally pretty good , and we don't really see a lot of the actors completely exposed .
NEG	stop giving us these poorly written thrillers with banal dialogue , sketchy characters and plots as predictable as the sunset .
NEG	get this : remington's big plan is to build a large scaffold-like structure in the middle of the savannah , sit on it , and wait for the lion to show up .
NEG	it is filled with likable establishment types living in a quaint town , such as tolerant vicars and policemen , plenty of eccentrics , and of locals who stick together through thick and thin .
NEG	what attracted sonnenfeld to this material ?
NEG	when the first crew is a few feet away from a raging massive upside-down martian tornado ( which looks remarkably like a sandworm from " dune " ) destroying everything in its path , they just hang out watching .
POS	corey haim stars as lucas bligh , a tiny 14 year old with scruffy hair , thick glasses , and an interest in insects and other outdoor life .
POS	seeing those two together looks a lot like a kidnapping .
POS	you really felt like you were in the future , and riding through space with these poor souls .
POS	known as the most successful , highest-grossing romantic comedy in history , director garry marshall apparently struck gold with " pretty woman , " which opened quietly during the summer of 1990 but , thanks to positive word-of-mouth , was able to reach upwards of $175-million in theaters alone .
NEG	i rate the remake 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a 0 on the -4 to +4 scale .
NEG	well , a few chuckles ensue anyway .
NEG	of course , there's a catch : he must get married before his 30th birthday , stay joined with his bride for an entire decade , and produce healthy children within the first five years .
POS	the second half of the film revolves around z's kidnapping of bala , and their search for a mythical place called insectopia .
NEG	but he decides to envelop himself in the disco scene , and succumb to peer pressure and to drugs .
NEG	tone is also an issue--there is none .
NEG	by bringing in popular asian actor/stunt coordinator xing xing xiong -- whose only prior american attempts at stunt choreography have been the laughable van damme vehicle double team and the dennis rodman cinematic joke simon sez -- our musketeers are thrown into the air to do their fighting .
NEG	despite our greatest hopes , there is no life on the red planet .
NEG	they should have perhaps thrown in someone sensible , level headed and not affected by greed to give the party more balance .
POS	what should be nothing more than a one-joke premise actually gets better as it goes along .
POS	after staying up late and watching scary movies on a night his mother is away , hogarth treks out into the forest to investigate what has stolen his antenna and ruined his tv reception .
NEG	and at the end of our day , none of this is really worth 2 hrs and 12 minutes of our personal misery .
POS	in fact , at first this film received a sinful nc-17 rating before a couple of more cuts finally brought it down to a teen-accessible rating .
POS	when was the last time you could say something like that about a movie , especially a movie where it seems like someone gets decked on the jaw ( * and * passes out ) every 2 . 63 minutes on cue ?
POS	adding short jokes is simply mean .
NEG	any time one of the frequent location changes occurs , the camera zooms in on a souvenir snow globe , and minutes , weeks , or years could have passed .
NEG	the low point comes when lara is " threatened " by statues of monkey warriors and a giant multi-armed shiva figure that come to life courtesy of cgi .
POS	he is the best action director out there ( topping renny harlin , who directed cliffhanger ) , and only he could create something as terrifying as this film .
NEG	( " say you're my baby , " kevin coos demandingly .
NEG	every scene is tediously related directly to the premise , and therefore , there was no one for me to care about or root for .
NEG	lest i forget the scummy club owner .
NEG	could go on .
POS	winslet and dicaprio develop a chemistry that manages to propel the movie along until the ship hits the iceberg .
POS	in other , lesser , movies , sweetback would be machine-gunning everything in sight and the end credits would roll over a pile of bodies ; in this one , we get taken on a kind of a tour of the depressing and anarchic world that sweetback takes for granted .
POS	the premise centers around a combination of accidents and operation flaws .
NEG	bottom line : ashley judd tries hard but can't save this predictable bore .
NEG	hopefully quentin never repeats what he did with this one .
NEG	capsule review : a question : after the floating baby ruth that was waterworld , what in the @$&% were the hollywood execs who gave kevin costner the money to make another post-apocalyptic movie thinking ?
POS	spielberg digs farther into the evils of slavery than i was expecting he would , and in fact he probably goes about as far as a movie director can without getting an nc-17 rating .
POS	all recipes are fictions .
NEG	usually willis brings his personal brand of understated humor to his roles , but here he is too straight and serious .
POS	) the x-files does not need to fill scenes between the suspense and the action with useless subplots , every scene is crucial and serves a purpose .
POS	while ice skating ?
NEG	anchor bay has also released a limited edition ( only 50 , 000 copies pressed ) two-disc set .
NEG	i think rock is a great comic yet he hasn't been able to bring his feral intelligence to movies , whenever he acts , and no matter the part , it's like he's doing the damn chris rock show .
POS	there is also this one really great show-down scene between costner and a cop , that'll have you crackin' up and lovin' it all at the same time .
POS	the big computer at norad has a lot of flashing lights ( just like those you see on star trek or any old sf-movie ) but it's hardly impressing compared with what you can get today .
POS	john c . reilly seems to be a standard fixture .
NEG	most of his work is done in familiar genres but in some way shows their underside .
NEG	down to you exists outside the realm of normal logic .
POS	sam is the kind of guy that every woman would like to sink their claws into , and sam obviously knows it and uses it to his own advantage .
POS	perhaps that may be intentional : to place the audience in zero's zone of detachment .
NEG	portals become veiny stained-glass eyeballs .
POS	another problem is that there are actually * too many * alien characters in the film .
NEG	when max's father ( grownup nerd robert carradine ) unexpectedly announces the family is moving to a new town at the end of the week , max decides this is the perfect time to exact revenge on everyone who pisses him off .
POS	after the premiere , fellini rejected any claims about autobiographical character of this film , but it doesn't matter whether rimini of amarcord actually resembles rimini of fellini's childhood or not ; any place and any time could resemble characters and situations of this film .
NEG	in fact , if it wasn't for brittany murphy's excellent portrayal of a traumatized teen , jennifer esposito's embarrassing performance as a police woman ( yeah , right !
NEG	bottom line : " deuce " doesn't offer anything new but it is intermittently funny .
POS	during the trial , kelly gives a teary confession of how sam raped her .
POS	i liked many of the creative touches : the split screens , allowing us to see how the universe is being affected in both realities , and the greater framework of baseball to drive the action forward .
NEG	unfortunately , after 2 adaptations , they still could not decide on how and what to focus their attention on to really bring out that important message which makes up the entire essence of the story .
POS	the second best thing about gattaca is the production design by jan roelfs .
NEG	virus is indeed a cliched film , but the central flaw lies in the fact that the computer virus just isn't very threatening .
POS	as usual , the voice talent is up to snuff , convincingly make you believe in the convictions of animated characters .
NEG	the film itself doesn't really have a plot .
POS	but margaret's life is about to get a lot more complicated .
POS	what planet are your from ?
POS	after watching " rat race " last week , i noticed my cheeks were sore and realized that , when not laughing aloud , i had held a grin for virtually all of the film's 112 minutes .
NEG	when he improvises a radio address by winston churchill for ailing 10-year-old orphan lina ( hannah taylor gordon ) , he seems relieved that he can finally get wacky .
NEG	of course , the ancient folks who divided the triangle buried the halves in tombs on opposite sides of the world .
NEG	steve martin ? ! ?
NEG	( in one unintentionally ( ? )
NEG	the other amusing scene involves a psychological examination of beck , in which he can't keep a straight face because the psychiatrist resembles woody allen .
POS	but as dark as its themes are , the stendhal syndrome emerges as one of the most artful and effective european thrillers of the last ten years .
POS	it's too sentimental and uplifiting for a straight drama , but the emotions are too subtle for melodrama .
POS	because the film parodies a western , the construction of the plot is fairly predictable , but is still enjoyable as we watch the familiar way in which the " good guys " come together for the final showdown .
POS	what he finds instead , leads him to a mysterious old woman who recounts her tale of the titanic voyage .
NEG	lame and so obviously sexist even i ( politically incorrect , for the most part ) noticed and remarked upon it .
NEG	but some in the pope's circle want to kill her if found , even though the pope insists on having faith and letting her live , as he lectures them : " even in the world's darkest days -- doing evil doesn't stop evil , but brings on more evil . "
NEG	apparently meant to be the comic relief in the film ( as nicholson was in batman ) , especially when contrasted with the sullen spawn , the violator's lines are oftentimes grotesque and unfunny , leaving the audience wishing he would leave .
POS	she discovers the man raised by apes and is enchanted almost immediately , and soon shares an amusing version of the compulsory " you tarzan , me jane " scene .
NEG	however , if you're just in the mood for some good action , you'd be better off hitting the video store for some of his better work , such as supercop .
POS	he possesses a sly smile , displays a dominating attitude , and a projects a demeanor that is undeniably attractive .
NEG	it was written by stephen e . de souza , who also wrote die hard and 48 hours .
POS	" mulan , " their 36th animated adventure , is the latest case in point .
POS	screen story by kevin yagher and andrew kevin walker .
POS	after several wrong guesses ( " forty-five ?
NEG	sutherland is wasted and baldwin , well , he's acting like a baldwin , of course .
NEG	first and foremost : bruce willis is a good sport .
NEG	at the top of the list is ritchie .
POS	i can idly enjoy movies about private investigators , and , every once in a while , a film like chinatown comes a long that blows me away ( actually , no private eye film has ever reached chinatown's greatness ) .
POS	frances mcdormand does a good job of her limited role of sara , grady's married lover but we never understand much of who she is .
NEG	his accent is so heavy , you can't understand what he says , and the trouble with action stars like him is they cannot act , and they know it , but they figure that if they flex their muscles , say a limited amount of stuff , and kill a bunch of guys , then they figure nobody'll notice .
POS	no matter who is watching , it all comes back to the talented musicians that stir your soul .
NEG	kilmer did a good job , and the cast was left to carry the movie , which they did ( even jim carrey as the riddler and i can't stand jim carrey ) , because schumaccer messed up the direction with his glitzy gotham and his awkward camera angles .
NEG	although hard rain never really works from the start , i somehow felt feelings of missed opportunity when the credits filled the screen .
NEG	tim burton's " batman " was an epic story of obsession and duality , of darkness and revenge .
NEG	this drags down any emotional connection to the film's plot , and turns three hours into a total waste of time .
NEG	working from a politically-correct , clich ? -drenched , sanitized and revisionist screenplay by roderick taylor and john rodgers , director les mayfield keeps the action fast-paced and goes for lightweight laughs when he can .
NEG	though it's based on a novel called 'the invisible man' , the title has been ironically changed to 'hollow man' that sums up the film very nicely .
POS	luhrmann's cast offers a wide variety of approaches that , together , add up to something messy , but often wonderful .
POS	however , coppola's movie is deliberately more low key .
NEG	but storyboards ?
NEG	although it's rare to see him in a movie that premieres in a theater , belushi delivers his lines with great comic skill .
NEG	considering this , it is amazing how fulfilling and truthful " a sweet hereafter " was , not only concentrating on the school bus accident , but delving deeply into ian holm's character and his own personal demons , as well as the teenage girl .
POS	these films are completely based in reality , yet only a handful of people have ever been on one , making them fascinating to the general public .
NEG	oh , he can also rip body parts off , allowing for many scenes of fake hands and arms being thrown around .
POS	in a way , this is a typical hollywood sequel .
POS	as well , it employs wojciech kilar's piece " zycie za zycie' masterfully and beautifully .
NEG	inevitably , it leads everyone to the conclusion that he has passed away .
NEG	this seems to have nothing to do with the main line of the story , but later when the tobacco industry is so much harder to manipulate than committed terrorists , we have a wry irony on who really has clout in the world .
NEG	but this movie could destroy the careers of anyone associated with it !
POS	rolling green hills , extravagant ceremonial galas , dark and foreboding corridors -- all are depicted with a real sense of artistic appreciation .
POS	this movie is every bit as silly and crazy as the first .
POS	tracy flick ( _election_ ) is the president of an extraordinary number of clubs , and is involved with the school play .
NEG	doesn't killing someone attract more attention than it does distract ?
NEG	no ben , you're the complete opposite .
NEG	problem is these action scenes ( nearly all failed escapes ) serve no purpose in the story other than to further pad out the running time and to remind the audience that their watching an action movie rather than a filmed radio play .
NEG	probably around the time degeneres' gumcracking gumshoe appears .
POS	in addition to the survivors from the original scream , the field of potential victims is well-populated .
POS	james may be suicidal and psychotic .
POS	it comes down to a simple question : would jackie rather face ordell or prison ?
POS	but much of this is not spelled directly out during the trailer , so if you're lucky , you'll have forgotten about all of this when you see the movie .
NEG	i'm not sure what kind of movie everyone had in mind when filming hudson hawk .
NEG	if you * have * to go see it , see it on a four-dollar matinee .
POS	this film lacks the gloss and high production values of such other action movies as broken arrow , the fugitive , hard target , or anything starring arnold , but that works to its benefit , i think .
POS	his life becomes nothing more than a series of mastubatory fantasies , and sullen apathy .
NEG	not the whole story but no big context clues .
POS	does a fine job keeping up with shandling and makes a good catalyst for his brand of humor .
POS	all around new york people are different .
POS	the result is a surprisingly successful example of a sinister , contemporary fairy tale .
POS	somehow , underneath the seemingly poetic beauty of it all , there was a gigantic hole somebody covered with iridescent performances and glossy cinematography .
NEG	the happy bastard's quick movie review
POS	it's the cinematic equivalent to a good read , novelistic in its approach with themes rarely found in american movies .
NEG	? 1999 eugene novikov&#137 ;
NEG	with love on his mind , sherman is determined to rid himself of his alter ego , buddy love from the first professor , who still resides with vigor inside his psyche and causes sherman to act like a bad imitation of vince vaughn from swingers .
NEG	oh , it starts deceptively okay , with a handful of intriguing characters and some solid location work .
NEG	it becomes a real education in what agencies get involved and how theories are suggested , and what kind of pressure the investigators are under , and just about any other aspect you can think of .
POS	mom and dad are a sultry couple devoted to their children .
POS	charles dance turns in a nice low-key performance , and as a result , i cared for him immediately .
POS	jim mcallister ( matthew broderick ) is the type of teacher that makes american high schools proud .
POS	the rocky horror picture show , recently re-released in a 'special edition' to video , is the mother of all cult films .
POS	still , we do care about max's fate .
POS	one of the climatic scenes involves a windmill and obviously takes its cue from frankenstein .
NEG	skip the splitting earth and fake lightning !
NEG	by the time he repeats the gag with an elephant at film's end , the overall effect is numbness .
NEG	according to the movie's production notes , dead-bang is based on the real-life experiences of still-active detective jerry beck .
NEG	but the laughs are few and far-between .
NEG	his particular hobby is to kidnap young women , keep them in a glass cell overnight , and drown them .
NEG	most of the time , they're probably thinking about killing their agents or wondering if making this movie marks the end of their careers .
POS	the 3 eventually reach a point of convergence when what actually began as a personal investigation turns out to be an uncovering of a complex web of organised-crime in hollywood .
NEG	nothing much special .
NEG	next thing , she cries rape .
POS	danny glover has a small role , but he does a very , very good job .
NEG	that's the main problem with the avengers : for all it's hip-hop flash and tidal waves , none of it feels the least bit energetic or inspired .
NEG	it's just impossible to get stirred about that kind of atmosphere .
NEG	" insurrection , " is the type of " safe " sequel that will bewilder non-fans , since it is so low-tech compared to most of today's blockbuster action films ( although most of these are honestly not very good , either ) , and should disappoint the loyal trekkies , since it could have easily been better if the makers had realized that the screenplay needed to go through a few more drafts .
NEG	a socialist and a feminist , she pretends to be royalty to get her man .
POS	each of them , regardless of age , gender , social class or physical appearance , is given opportunity to express his or her views , dreams and fears .
NEG	lynch wants you to know he could make an enjoyable stylish film .
NEG	summer catch centers around ryan dunne ( freddie prinze jr . ) , a cape cod youth chosen to participate in the prestigious cape cod baseball league , supposedly a showcase for the best young amateur and college players in the country .
POS	what the kids don't know is that they are also former spies .
NEG	and to anybody who decided that this project was " funny " enough to greenlight featuring the talents mentioned above , along with billy crystal , christopher walker , seth green and stanley tucci . . . well ,
POS	sadly , actor dave ward , who portrays the character of crew , will not be able to follow up his excellent performance as he was the victim of a vicious act of violence himself at the hands of a fellow actor during an incident of road rage .
NEG	( i will give waller credit for killing off a dog , though -- something that's rarely seen in movies these days . ) an american werewolf in paris is marginally entertaining in a " bad movie " sort of way , but that's a dubious distinction .
NEG	you can act now and make the decision to not see it on the big screen or on the small one .
NEG	that is , if it hasn't already disappeared entirely after this fiasco .
POS	hooper is as fascinated by the shark as he is determined to help brody stop it -- his knowledge about the exact workings of the shark ( " it's a perfect engine , an eating machine " ) make it that much more terrifying .
NEG	the always watchable morgan freeman plays a detective who becomes personally involved in a case involving missing girls .
POS	at the center of the film is the exceptional cate blanchett ( 1999's " the talented mr . ripley " ) , who turns annie wilson from what could have been little more than a run-of-the-mill protagonist into a very exact , down-to-earth , realistic person with valid troubles and a caring attitude towards those around her .
POS	deputy meyers is brought in as an exalted informant , but when he is unable to augment the mob's myth of joe , he is quickly renounced from his position as town gossip .
POS	no , this is mulder's time in the spotlight .
POS	how can you expect anything more out of a couple of suburban families riding the coattails of sexual revolution ?
NEG	teamwork was the key .
POS	combined with the talent of the actors , these characters make the film .
NEG	bosco probes szwarc for information on virtually everyone and everything that comes onscreen , and we learn a great deal more about the film as a result of his participation .
POS	robbie hart ( sandler ) doesn't just sing at weddings ; he also gets the loners to join in and have fun , and he smooths it over when someone does something embarrassing .
POS	i must admit i'm going to be a bit biased in my review of the new romantic comedy serendipity , because that also defines how i met my current girlfriend .
POS	ribisi is believable as seth especially when he shares scenes with ron rifkin , playing seth's dad .
POS	like emmerich's id4 , this is obvious propaganda where the americans are the hapless underdogs motivated by freedom for all .
NEG	" american perfekt " is a jumbled mess .
NEG	he got a paycheck from jerry bruckheimer last year for the rock , and if there's one thing you can count on from a bruckheimer production ( even without his late partner don simpson ) , it's that you can count on seeing everything you saw in the _last_ bruckheimer production .
NEG	jack is dying of cancer and is jealous of harry's love for catherine .
NEG	at the last minute , though , miramax did decide to screen the film ( so hastily scheduled was the screening that myers's last name was misspelled on the invitation , not to mention the numerous typos in the press notes ) for a media audience that came away noticeably less than impressed , myself included .
NEG	maximilian schell is distracting , but he does provide some nice humor .
POS	disco music is popular , and the sexual revolution is on , but the people of new york are not happy .
NEG	duchovny has stunningly little in the way of material to work with .
POS	does being human necessarily imply humane behavior ?
NEG	a young rogue named jonnie goodboy tyler , played with dramatic flair by barry pepper , ventures from the safety of the caves into the city to uncover the truth about the `demons . '
POS	his character is a re-inforced stanley ipkiss from the mask ( 1994 ) and is completely suited to carrey's persona .
POS	in case you've been asleep for the last few months , the plot centres on truman burbank ( carrey ) who leads an seemingly idyllic life in the beautiful town of seahaven .
NEG	the story was so terrible and inaccurate , that it did not have an iota of value or credibility .
NEG	entrapment does the same under the thin disguise of plot development ( sean connery supposedly falls in love with the girl while watching her , in tights , arc and pivot around laser beams ) .
POS	commodus is conniving , sneaky and whiny , but phoenix never lets the character get silly .
POS	the long and illustrious career of robin williams , which has included both forgettable turns like mrs .
NEG	here there's nothing . . .
POS	the political side of things is evenly told in a linear , straightforward manner that teaches , not preaches .
NEG	the number of times that i checked my watch ( six ) is a clear indication that this film is not one of them .
NEG	this is the section for mistakes in the movies .
NEG	a greater writer might have created a lyrical sentence for each of those adjectives , flowing in lovely arangements with soaring metaphors .
NEG	the lengths to which the film goes to prolong the plot have the unintentional effect of distancing us from these characters .
POS	yes , he's a crowd pleaser , a walking sight gag , but his character is not nearly as involving as the wheelchair-bound ( and appropriately named ) bella ( mckee , the anguished waitress of naked ) or max ( tom mcinnerny ) , her lousy chef of a husband .
POS	? what exactly have they done wrong , other than perhaps offend the fashion police ?
POS	that may turn many moviegoers away .
POS	the film follows the story of l ? on , played by jean reno , a professional hit man for an italian mob crew run by danny aiello .
NEG	moore is totally wasted , her clumsy shtick getting very old , very fast .
NEG	just try to ignore the fact that , at 2'8'' , he would make dr . evil's height rise to just over 21 feet .
NEG	.
NEG	my son jeffrey and his friend matthew , both 9 , gave the movie a single star and had nothing good to say about it .
POS	gray really lucked out with this cast .
POS	however , as the film begins to specifically introduce more characters , such as coffey and eduard delacroix ( michael jeter ) as well as the five prison guards , the film becomes more interesting .
NEG	i send the actors my condolences , since they truly do try to transform into their undeveloped and dull characters .
POS	how did this movie with a budget under 10 million gross over 175 million worldwide ?
POS	the impassioned speech by the doddering old man who phases in and out of rationality is among the best court-room drama ever on the screen .
POS	this film is only available on wide screen on dvd and that is the way to see it .
POS	all in all , monterey pop is a precious , rare look at a time period that still holds sway over us .
NEG	inspiration , for instance , would have been really nice .
NEG	anyone in a movie this bad would have to have guts .
POS	klein plays a kind-hearted athlete for the second time in a row , after alexander payne's underappreciated election .
NEG	to counterattack , humankind does the single stupidest thing imaginable : instead of nuke the planet from orbit , which they're clearly capable of , they send down grunts with m-16 rifles .
NEG	there's more , i suppose , but it's not worth it .
POS	he doesn't want to lead humanity and he isn't looking for romance from a pretty , but dull human ( estella warren ) or a dynamic ape ( helena bonham carter , terrific as an equal-rights activist ) .
POS	and even if they decide to stay on earth , they could still appreciate the right stuff as an extraordinary piece of cinema .
NEG	nothing about wild things is exceptionally risqu ? .
POS	as stahl , stiller contributes a commanding performance .
NEG	earth's entire existance is contingent upon a successful mission , but nobody , whether it be john's family or hired battle pilot don west ( matt leblanc ) , seems too enthusiastic about leaving their home planet for several years .
POS	frankenheimer masters the script with poise , and tells us a dark but stoically realistic tale of a group of post-cold war mercenaries working to earn their paycheck .
NEG	the two are careless hawaiian surf bums .
NEG	the film is pg , but really with only some very minor dialogue changes and scene extentions , you'd have yourself one raunchy adult film .
POS	" and i don't remember that scene . "
POS	washington's flat performance is the most disappointing surprise of the film .
NEG	they're so desperate for another movie , they ran out of ideas and used a monkey !
NEG	my first press screening of 1998 and already i've gotten a prime candidate for my worst ten of the year list .
POS	when spacey appears , the film has already run about a third of its course .
NEG	in fact , the marketing people are counting on it .
POS	the fact there's a dead body in the corner goes to enhance the feeling of paranoia and a mysterious , hurried call telling him to leave immediately is also very chilling .
NEG	" mimic " continued the frightening hollywood trend of taking a foreign director who shows a lot of creative ingenuity and style , and completely flushing it when he comes to america to make a movie .
POS	instead of " i'm gonna get that kid " they say " i'm gonna kill that kid . "
NEG	the film opens in a quaint cornish seaside village at the funeral of the husband of a middle-aged woman , grace ( brenda blethyn ) , who fell out of an airplane , evidently committing suicide .
POS	lola , a contemporary goth-girl with blazing red hair receives a desperate phone call from her boyfriend manni one day .
POS	and , as giles discovers during the course of this amusing , warm-hearted motion picture , it's possible to find the object of one's affection in the most unusual places .
NEG	with a gun in one hand and a dynamite cap in the other , cube reminisces about his street life , comparing the zombie-stomping fun to " me and my brother when we was kids . "
NEG	nicholson does what he can with the role , and when he can find his bearings , can be extremely good ( the scene in the church , for instance ) , but most of the time , he seems a bit stiff , as if he's not sure what he should be doing next .
POS	an early draft of the script had indy travelling to shanghai to recover a piece of the staff of ra .
POS	you'll laugh . . . you'll
NEG	not only was the plotting similar to " a civil action , " but it also had the same exact running time of 115 minutes .
POS	even the film's content is a bit reminiscent of mile .
NEG	question springs to mind .
POS	tappan and joadson are " abolitionists " : symbols but not humans .
POS	however , it is later revealed by suzie that sam never raped either of the girls , it was all a vengeful plan against the guidance counselor .
POS	" . . they were a party of settlers in covered wagon times and they had to resent to cannibalism in order to stay alive . . "
POS	soon after the body is discovered , snagged on a local fisherman's line , margaret is paid a visit by an attractive-seeming blackmailer in a red nova .
POS	yet , while the filmmakers work hard at creating funny scenes , they conspicuously avoid developing the allegorical underpinnings between good and evil that could have added more heft to this story .
POS	i needn+t have worried .
POS	the reality sets in quickly as one attempt to turn the bombers after another fails .
NEG	neither can we .
POS	and to think its about male exotic dancers , and not sinking ships .
POS	the murders then continue for the remainder of the film as neal decides it's time to settle some personal business involving his neurotic wife .
NEG	mayhem then ensues as the bad and the good guys chase each other with mr . magoo frequently oblivious to the fact that anyone is being chased .
NEG	after a little breaking and entering and some destruction of property , libby jumps parole and lams it across the country looking for nick and matty .
NEG	who the heck cares ? ) and it makes " super mario bros . " ( bob hoskins' ill-advised career move ) look like " rocco and his brothers " ( that classic of italian neo-realism ) .
POS	? and , every once and a while , roger moore pops up as the chief to spout odd koans ( added bonus : he gets to , in the words of craig kilborn , dance , dance , dance . )
POS	probably not .
NEG	yet , even tough guys know when to put family first .
NEG	but the scriptures also caution us :
POS	russell plays jeff , one half of a married couple travelling with his wife amy ( kathleen quinlan ) cross country to san diego to start a new job and a new life .
NEG	long flees but now the monstrous , winged creeper ( jonathan breck ) is after both of them !
NEG	i did like willis's icy expressions ; he may not have been real suave or anything , but some of his looks are worth a chuckle .
NEG	to make us buy more , businesses need to produce a ton of product .
NEG	" you heard me : fuck * you * . "
NEG	i suppose it's unfair to criticize a movie like hudson hawk , which has been panned by reviewers and moviegoers alike since it's 1991 release .
POS	proximo is looking for gladiators to earn himself money ( he being a former gladiator himself ) , and maximus reluctantly uses his skills to prove himself a powerful gladiator .
NEG	and my god , it's a long damn sit .
NEG	how the chair they're sitting on and the piano don't separate , i don't know , but this apparently isn't the kind of thing we're supposed to ask .
NEG	lines like :
NEG	it's not an inherently uninteresting way to present a movie ( despite the valid complaint that it is pretentious , all-but-screaming , " look !
POS	the last sequence was perfect and managed to go even further over-the-top .
POS	today , wade's dad is quite elderly , but still manages to instill fear into a grown man .
POS	irene cassini ( uma thurman ) is a genetically flawed " valid " working for gattaca , and she begins to fall in love with vincent/jerome .
NEG	unfortunately , the film dosen't progress very fast .
POS	and while obviously made on a modest budget , the film boasts enormous strengths .
NEG	greeting him is his old friend and partner in crime ( played by danny aiello ) , who becomes the subject of many amusing fat jokes .
NEG	one of the attendants , ben ( jean-marc barr ) is so attracted by her that he attempts necrophilia .
NEG	breakdown is an moderately entertaining , if underwhelming , thriller .
NEG	starring : arnold schwarzeneggar , robin tunney , rod stieger , gabriel byrne .
NEG	here in " romeo must die " , there is no staccato .
NEG	when long decides to investigate , there's nothing but trouble .
POS	finally , there's lots of sam peckinpah slow-motion shoot-ups .
NEG	the love story between the simple girl waiting to get married and her luckless boyfriend turning nasty on her doesn't mean much , since their relationship remained undeveloped .
POS	randy pear ( jon lovitz ) promised his wife beverly ( kathy najimy ) and two kids a fun-filled vacation in las vegas .
NEG	the standout performance is the voice of nick turturro as monkey bone himself , he is very funny and entertaining and really keeps the film from being a total bust .
POS	the film manages to cross all barriers ; it should be accessible to both children and adults , brits and yanks , rats and chickens .
POS	my family , for the most part , hates him and his movies .
NEG	this film was originally titled the haunting of hill house .
NEG	she's got a bad attitude and a big mouth .
POS	david carradine makes an appropriately vampiric host ; he fiddles with a blade and cane while introducing the film .
POS	a sweaty sex scene would not have worked in the context of the film .
NEG	for instance we really don't get to know who stu or julie are , so why should we even care ?
NEG	we know he's smart because he reads kurt vonnegut instead of the playbook .
NEG	biel cries a lot , while bruce davison merely acts smarmy as her class-conscious father .
POS	upon arriving in whitechapel , he befriends an unfortunate named mary kelly ( heather graham , say it isn't so ) and proceeds to investigate the horribly gruesome crimes that even the police surgeon can't stomach .
POS	we constantly see flashbacks to the murder from kimble's perspective .
POS	early in the film , he hosts a dinner party where he explains the importance of " strategy " in a nuclear assault to " minimize " casualties .
POS	the entire sequence of events seems designed merely as an excuse to get spoon and stretch running , while the other primary plot has them standing in line or sitting down much of the time .
POS	in the context of events to transpire , joe's line is prophetic , foreshadowing the internal conflict of the protagonist in the latter half of the film .
POS	the chickens at tweedy's farm are up to something .
NEG	bilko -- and none of them ever manage to be anything more than a rehash of the last .
POS	but after drinking in the rich production values , the cup remains only slightly over half-full .
POS	even darth vader doesn't seem very intimidating this time around .
NEG	placing plot holes to one side for a moment , snake eyes features easily the worst boxing match in cinema history ( george foreman is in better shape than the movie boxers ) , a hurricane that exists for no other reason than to punctuate significant plotlines with portentuous thunderclaps , and perhaps the worst , most overly drawn out ending in years .
NEG	but you have to wonder if the writing isn't even worse .
POS	the sex in the film is rather unneeded , but compared to ozon's `criminal lovers' , it's the disney channel .
POS	as if all that isn't enough , satine has a cough , and while a cough in the real world probably indicates a cold , it rarely turns out to be anything that simple in movie land .
NEG	to be honest , i couldn't care less if snipe's character got captured or not .
NEG	when the characters are developed , they seem absurd rather than touching .
POS	the action and stunts are terrific .
POS	what makes rush hour work so damn well is the chemistry between the energetic chan and the absolutely hilarious tucker .
NEG	the basic story follows three single friends -- jazz ( beyer ) , lena ( randi ingerman ) , and michelle ( paget brewster ) -- in their search for love .
POS	we appreciate malcolm's domestic dilemma , but we identify with cole , recalling our fears of the bogeyman or the closet monster or the thing under the bed .
POS	to me , the real appeal of this film is the fact that it shows scientists acting like scientists and makes it seem exciting .
NEG	yet i'm still unclear as to why , since this movie is so awful ) .
POS	i have a feeling the humor here won't appeal to everyone , but there's certainly enough story and character development to keep anyone's interest .
NEG	in the meantime , billie is on an emotional hunt for her missing mom .
NEG	in his own mind , carl is a decadent emperor in flowing robes , ming the merciless , as well as a frightened boy ( jake thomas ) abused by his father .
NEG	seen may 2 , 1998 at 3 : 40 p . m . at the crossgates cinema 18 , theater #13 , with chris wessell and sean o'shea for $5 .
POS	these charlie's angels types give a ride to our heroes on their trek to lalaland to stop the picture .
POS	however , any criticism that this is rewriting history , that the holocaust wasn+t as bad as it seems , is simply off-target .
NEG	the way the film progresses , you likely won't even care if the heroes are in any jeopardy , because you'll know they aren't .
POS	the son'a , who are horribly disfigured and rely on daily reconstructive surgery to be aesthetically acceptable , strike a deal with the federation to move the ba'ku elsewhere and exploit the secret to keep their race from dying .
NEG	" metro " takes different twists and slight turns , and there is one great , virtuoso chase scene , involving the a cable car .
POS	now comes gattaca , another film about technology reigning supreme , except here on our planet .
POS	lumumba replaced janssens , making mobutu a colonel , and went on a pacification
POS	" when you're the middle child in a family of five million . . . " he comments about his neglected childhood .
POS	fragmentary character of the screenplay , which doesn't have straight plot and instead bases film on series of loosely connected vignettes , gives another interesting opportunity for scorsese .
NEG	the evil captain everton thinks he's going to take the ship in and get a reward ; he convinces his crew that there's going to be big money , so they try to salvage the ship .
POS	the best part about it , however , is that it is filled with characters we care about because they are actually interesting .
POS	he's the kind of supporting character who would be impossibly annoying comic relief in most other films .
POS	their officers , particularly general janssens ( rudi delhem ) in the force publique , the congo's army , caused rebellions , undermining lumumba , who was outraged at the rape and murder of belgian nationals .
NEG	whala you have " end of days " a movie that is extremely disappointing and by the previews made it look terrific .
NEG	synopsis : a man whose lover , paris , was murdered agrees to test out an experimental virtual reality home unit system .
POS	maximus escapes from the executioners , but he arrives home too late to save his wife and son .
POS	both actors , who have largely done serious works as of late , seem liberated by the lack of dramatic weight on their shoulders , and they deliver their zingers , as weak as they sometimes are , with beguiling abandon .
POS	the first few minutes of sweet sweetback's baad asssss song ( yes , i checked -- that's the correct number of ss ) are without dialogue , just eerie montages of sounds .
POS	what will happen to all of finn's " great expectations ? "
NEG	based on what the film told me , i gather that steed ( fiennes ) is some kind of british super guy ( somewhat like james bond ) , and that dr . peel ( thurman ) is just a really smart doctor , who also happens to know a lot about weather and about beating people up while limited by tight leather suits .
POS	a '58 chrysler , a radio announcement of sputnik ) but is never heavy handed .
POS	there's plenty of effects to go around , of course , but at least there's a backbone to build them on as well .
POS	this is a story that is sure to warm your heart , and that is what really matters about a dog of flanders .
POS	as grand as the epic is , it would have more impact had it focused more on the experience from the point of view of the africans .
POS	admittedly , there isn't an annoying character like chris tucker from the other film , but this film does run a little too long , and did lose me in regards to its complex time-travel / multi-dimensional story line .
POS	critique : the funnest movie that i've seen so far this year !
NEG	most important , baigelman begins to establish the connection between freddie and jjaks with humor and economy , as in a scene where they both spontaneously begin singing along to the replacements' " i will dare " on the car radio .
POS	he's the guy who takes your job and then laughs at you for your weakness .
NEG	give alicia silverstone her walking papers , while keeping clooney , o'donnell and michael gough .
NEG	this tends to limit close looks at the makeup .
NEG	oh well , win some , lose some .
NEG	his latest effort is a case of a director pretending he has something to say when in reality there is little of substance to absorb from his work .
NEG	instead of jokes , there's just an endless stream of profanity and naked breasts ( and naked breasts aren't so bad , but naked breasts alone don't make a good movie ) .
NEG	after tarveling for many months , he comes across a gang of norsemen , who are forced to pick 13 men to protect a town from mythical monsters who travel in the fog .
POS	the more repetitive and unrealistic the movie gets , the more amusing it becomes .
NEG	despite its flaws , don't say a word is surprisingly some of the best mainstream film you'll find this month -- and audiences will lap it up .
POS	it's an absolutely masterful sequence , tense and exciting , and communicating a wealth of information through visuals alone .
NEG	robin tunney ( great performance as always ) plays satan's main person whom he wants to impregnate to carry his child .
NEG	he is played by michael wincott , whose voice is pushed out in a abraded rasp , as if he smokes a cigarette between every take .
NEG	negative .
NEG	so what do they all amount to ?
NEG	such talents as jackie chan ( rush hour ) , chow yun-fat ( anna & the king , the corrupter ) and yuen woo-ping ( the matrix ) have all moved into the budget bloated world of hollywood filmmaking with mixed results .
NEG	in simple , the scene is earth , hundreds of years from now .
NEG	the evidence for this is that she's nice to old ladies and treasures a locket with a picture of her dead parents .
NEG	why shouldn't i have know what i was getting myself into .
POS	nice movie to bring your girlfriend to . . . .
POS	without using a single line of dialogue ( unless you count computer warnings ) , fincher sets up the entire film .
POS	that is until about half-way through the movie .
NEG	studio 54 attracted so many weird and bizarre people to its gates that it's a wonder why the film about the life and death of the studio centers itself on one very boring , cliched individual , not to mention an ensemble of people who wouldn't be at all fascinating unless they worked at the studio , which they did according to this film .
POS	she then falls in love with him and manages to reawaken emotions within l ? on he has kept locked away as part of his profession .
NEG	countless " hot " movie stars and personalities make an appearance , from smith veterans matt damon and ben affleck to wes craven , but jay and silent bob strike back resorts to such low-brow gags as another scream sequel with a monkey as the killer .
NEG	i could see myself showing this movie to friends and getting a good jolly guffaw out of it , if it weren't also insanely xenophobic and insulting .
NEG	since invisibility , once achieved , isn't much of an effect ( the actors spend half their time conversing with nobody and the other half of their time talking to each other--it amounts to much of a muchness ) , the director elects to wardrobe all of his female protagonists in loosely-buttoned sweaters so that the minute bacon's character gets invisible he can head straight for them .
NEG	she made her feature film debut as an actress with a small role in allison anders' mi vida loca ( no , not the rickie martin video ! ) and played her first starring role in robert rodriguez's desperado opposite antonio banderas .
POS	still , the single most surprising aspect of gattaca is its use of backdrop -- it's successful sci-fi without showy special effects , it's a crisp thriller with character-driven thrills , it's a futuristic fable without blood and guts .
POS	gridlock'd may actually be a response to the fatuous social commentary of another urban odyssey , 1991's falling down , which found a besieged middle class white male venting his righteous anger against the system during a trek through inner city los angeles .
NEG	and , for * this * intended audience , that takes ( ahem ) cojones .
POS	once agents from different countries assigned to " erase " each other , they instead fell in love , married and retired to raise a family .
POS	benigni's performance is truly a well-rounded one , and certainly one of the more fluid turns all year .
NEG	villain : why ?
POS	apparently , director tony kaye had a major battle with new line regarding his new film , american history x . i don't know the details of the fight , but it seems that he is not happy with the final product , and nearly removed his name from the credits altogether .
NEG	the lead actors try hard-none of the three has every made less than a full effort , even when burdened with a bad script .
POS	? running time : 92 minutes .
POS	there's nothing light or fluffy about this film .
POS	despite her luminous and seemingly-harmless presence , she turns out to be the one blackmailing stark .
NEG	but by the time these interesting changes occur , its far too late in the film for them to have much affect .
NEG	i like joel schumacher more as a person than an artiste .
NEG	ivey eddie barzoon . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . jeffrey jones christabella . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . connie
NEG	as it turns out , the alien race that sends a computer virus to earth ( via the mir space station ) thinks of the human race as a virus -- perhaps even a cancer -- that needs to be eradicated before it spreads any further .
POS	from there , they find themselves standing at attention and receiving their orders from the extremely hard and punishing sergeant hartman , played extremely well by the former drill instructor r . lee ermey .
POS	after the un delegation leaves the country without rescuing any of the children , henderson loses hope .
POS	the woman in the picture ( an old winslet ) tells the explorers that the picture is of her .
NEG	and it's not the traditional argument for films like these , where you may in fact want them all to be eaten ( even " aliens " played with the karma of the arrogant soldiers , but this was more of a plus-side for the film as a whole than the opposite ) ; instead , as another cliche goes , you just don't give a damn .
POS	will isn't really interested in academia .
NEG	uuuhmm . . . how's
POS	desperate to get his career back on track , even at the expense of his crumbling marriage ( to williams , of rushmore ) , malcolm councils the deeply troubled cole ( osment ) .
POS	>from there , as critic steve rhodes described it , run lola run plays a bit like " sliding doors on steroids .
NEG	already two classic examples of hollywood sexism are in effect -- the first being that any woman in a movie cannot be sexual unless she's under thirty ( or at least looks it ) , and that they usually only exist for the sake of studs or filthy rich older men .
NEG	i liked capshaw and her helen , but everyone else is painfully fake , undermining the little drama or sexual tension that has the potential to exist .
NEG	it is rated r for profanity , violence and brief male nudity and would be acceptable for teenagers .
POS	a shark is such a perfect nemesis it is real -- having survived sinch the dinosaurs , great whites do exist , they can be as large as the shark in " jaws , " and they are a threat .
NEG	why hire an actress ?
POS	i almost left with the sense little happened because almost all the changes which occur in the movie happen in deep in their psyches and little in their personalities or the situations which they end as part of .
NEG	then of course , you have the case of the " patsy " husband , a man who just can't seem to figure out anything in time .
NEG	it's sad that a writer of neil simon's stature has grown desperate enough to resort to swearing for cheap laughs , but not surprising when you look at what else gets passed off as humor in this tepid exercise .
NEG	what hurts most is that hollywood continues to get away with serving up this tripe , safe in the knowledge that jaded audiences will lap it up .
POS	enter a 5-year old kid , who's mysteriously dropped at his doorstep and intended for his preppy roommate ( jon stewart ) , who's off in china on a business trip .
POS	i'm not going to pretend urban legend is anything more than it is , but i must give credit where credit is due .
NEG	al simmons ( michael jai white ) , a government agent/assassin shares the love of his wife , wanda ( theresa russell ) and daughter , has a tongue-in-cheek , wiseass partner , terry ( d . b sweeney ) and is content with the job his boss , jason wynn ( martin sheen ) , provides him .
POS	stan a regular , sometimes boring kid who has problems with women .
POS	there are about fifty still photos , both from the production crew and from the private collections of the survivors .
NEG	goats beware !
POS	i noticed some trim in the other room that needs a little touch-up .
POS	unfortunately , there is a hurried and almost a soap opera-type surge of emotions from all of the characters .
POS	benigni is given a similar situation : he is mistaken as a fascist dignitary , and must explain to a classroom filled with schoolchildren = on how scientists have concluded that aryans are the superior race .
NEG	and i must admit that dead-bang does have one or two amusing moments .
NEG	the picture has been assembled by mark christopher .
POS	i have to say it .
NEG	when robicheaux discovers this , he predictably , against the advice of his wife , a well-meaning dea agent , and two gangsters who rough him up , begins 'poking his nose where it don't belong' , we know that the man deserves all the misery he's going to get .
POS	not deep , not meaningful , and not profound .
POS	anna has a little trouble understanding english and sometimes people get the wrong end of the stick : - for instance , when anna is asking for 'scrubbers for dirty caravan' , she means that she wants a scrubbing brush to clean the caravan !
POS	while besson's bold vision is the biggest virtue of the film , it also could be its biggest obstacle to reaching a mass audience .
NEG	and , let's have inept people destroy the mir space station ! !
POS	the story was also well written thanks to neil jordan .
POS	i therefore feel that , although i'm no bible-thumper , i'm at least as qualified to criticize dogma as william donohue and his followers .
NEG	jinnie is a country singer and the film goes off on a huge tangent to show her little concert and the people dancing to it .
NEG	my kids give me holy hell for it ! "
POS	in arguably the most anticipated movie this century , george lucas has achieved a very mixed reaction to a sure blockbuster .
NEG	it had so many inconsistencies it was driving me crazy ! !
POS	it's hard to believe that it has only been two years since norton's fantastic role in primal fear , but , here he is now , starring in his own film and making himself a star .
NEG	a lot of the performances are a bit rough around the edges but this suits totally the documentary feel of the film .
NEG	even the characters couldn't have been written more absurdly .
POS	valiant takes some photos of jessica playing , `patty cake' with marvin acme ( stubby kaye ) , the owner of toontown ( where all of the cartoon characters live ) and takes them to maroon .
NEG	spawn attempts to show all of this but does not spend nearly the time it should to do so .
POS	the us government ?
POS	the film is dedicated to him , and he will surely be missed .
POS	the look of the film promotes the high fun , with the design of the spicebus being quite original and eye-catching .
NEG	what makes this all wrong is that nobody seems to have what the film needs .
POS	the fact that capone is evil is very apparent from the first few scenes .
NEG	that's exactly how long the movie felt to me .
POS	it's obvious he's having a lot of fun doing so .
NEG	the killing scenes are so obviously faked that they go to the point of threatening the viewer's intelligence .
NEG	it continues the story of ripley , the space-trucker-turned-impromptu-survivalist , but seems remarkably uninterested in her .
NEG	we will see , when rookie screenwriter ehren kruger writes the third installment in the scream franchise this christmas , whether williamson is for real .
POS	mrs . pascal is the sort that will not let jackie-o keep a hairbrush downstairs since food is kept on that level .
POS	the legal question becomes are they free men fighting justly for their freedom or are they property .
NEG	her gardener and handyman , matthew ( ferguson ) , decides to stay on with her , despite his last check bouncing .
POS	look for a cameo by the director as a doctor who treats cole .
POS	this film does not posess the erotic hypnotism of " henry and june " or the just plain horniness of , say , " deep throat " ( not that i've seen it ) .
NEG	morale was low , there being little hope for the future .
POS	try too hard , and it snaps ; but too much reservation means someone else will come along and pull it farther .
POS	ben and katie now only see and live with each other because they don't want to devastate their children with the fact that their parents no longer , or at least say they don't , love each other anymore .
NEG	it is a film more to be endured than enjoyed .
POS	believe the hype .
NEG	" detestable " is a good word to describe the film , jawbreaker .
NEG	alcohol , lots of it , may have helped the viewing experience .
NEG	the story moves around in a hap hazard fashion .
NEG	part of the answer lies in the character of her mother ( blythe danner ) , who fell for the wrong man . . . and has spent her life pining for claudia's father to return .
POS	keith coogan , from adventures in babysitting , is wonderfully weird and eccentric as larry's rebellious son , mitch .
POS	first he's a janitor , then he works construction .
POS	the film adopts alda's psychological point of view as he tries to one : plan the wedding , and two : pay for it .
NEG	it's the best work she's ever done .
NEG	as i watched it , i occasionally wondered if it was aware of its own awfulness .
NEG	that done , it's back to the mansion to roll around in her heretofore off-limits sables and minks and a plan to skin those little dahlings for the sake of a hooded designer gown .
POS	benigni has succeeded in using the blackest moment in human history to prove that even in hell , a ray of hope and salvation can penetrate the darkness .
NEG	i will not mention them in the main body of the review but i give mulholland drive a 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a low 0 on the -4 to +4 scale .
POS	unfortunately he is lacking a fundamental requirement for playing , a bioport .
POS	during the three years since the release of the groundbreaking success pulp fiction , the cinematic output from its creator , quentin tarantino , has been surprisingly low .
NEG	without the drive to manifest their plans , much less the wisdom to recognize the darkness , all they have are dreams .
POS	it's only with the help of an ex-spook named brill ( gene hackman ) that dean is able to get to the bottom of things .
NEG	well , at least , they're not selfish and contemptable like good ol' slutty nomi malone .
POS	one is an ape named terk ( rosie o'donnell ) , and the other is a paranoid hypochondriac of an elephant named tantor ( wayne knight ) .
POS	it's nice to see ryan pick up roles like this and the one in courage under fire .
POS	the unexpected blockbuster , whose gross soared over the $100 million mark during its six month release window , opened just about a year ago and turned into one of the most profitable horror films of all time .
NEG	even she can't force taplitz to decide whose story this is , or what we should have learned about dealing with the struggles in our lives and our relationship with the infinite .
POS	overall , the evil dead is a good low budget horror film , superior to many films in it's genre .
NEG	and the main plot is so outrageous that you can't figure out if this film is supposed to be an action , drama , or sci-fi .
NEG	extracting the tv part of the movie , you have the simple plotline : man steals brother's girlfriend , girlfriend leaves town , man gets new slut girlfriend to feel like he can move on , slut breaks up with him , real girlfriend comes back , and voila , you have a romance .
POS	because of this achievement , and also because of the great influence on future filmmakers , this cinematic gem deserves its rightful place among the best films of 1990s .
NEG	someone is out to get poor sarah ( though most of the audience should have figured out who before any of this starts ) .
POS	since quality is usually sparse during the early fall months , it's definitely worth the visit .
NEG	if you've seen all of jackie's films and are in need of another fix , go ahead and see mr . nice guy .
NEG	writer/director carl franklin ( one false move ) is the force behind this accomplished-but-stiff adaptation of walter mosley's crime novel .
NEG	i found nothing even remotely funny about the boozing parents who seemed , at times , to be played for laughs .
NEG	mark mckenney also is good as a screenwriter trying to pitch film ideas to the band's manager ( richard e . grant ) .
NEG	with this particular genre , directors are able to collate the sleazy underworld of the lower-class and the glamorous , opulent upper-class , while maintaining the noirish , ambiguous ambience , the staple of film noir .
NEG	such titles as broken arrow ( slater and john travolta ) and face/off ( nicholas cage and john travolta ) come to mind as films that have mastered silver screen confrontations .
POS	i thought not .
POS	frank oz , best known as a voice talent for muppets , directs this film quite delightfully , using all the potential rudnick's script has to offer , which turns out to be quite a bit .
NEG	but to slo-mo jackie running ?
POS	2 . thank you , whoever it was , for giving us a graphical user interface when we use our computers !
NEG	the attack scenes are intensely violent , as one would expect from verhoeven , but the overall look is too phony to generate any real tension .
NEG	here in 'romeo must die' , the fight scenes have no more emotional content or character than any john wayne barroom brawl .
NEG	murphy handles the scene seriously , without his usual happy-go-lucky , misfit humor .
NEG	he is thoroughly upstaged by cheri oteri as the " gidget bitch from hell " town mayor .
POS	there he learns more about mallory's life than he bargained for .
NEG	your scripts are certainly respectable , your budgets are up there on the screen , and your actors don't dog it .
POS	stone doesn't hold back anything as he digs deep inside politics and legal maneuvers of the white house .
NEG	but what a strange mess it is .
NEG	eventually they find a construction site by their nemesis , which happens to be enviromentally un-safe .
POS	the sixth sense ( atmospherically shot by the silence of the lambs' cinematographer , tak fujimoto ) is actually a drama-its spooky , effective ad campaign is misleading .
POS	my religion is movies .
NEG	i say " quasi- " because while the movie uses many of the trappings of fascism ot eroticize its action -- the gear , the uniforms , etc . -- the movie doesn't have the nerve ( or the brains ) to be genuinely fascist , or intelligent about the subject .
NEG	police academy graduate steve guttenberg stars as a small-town deputy sheriff corralled into co-coaching the school's hastily formed soccer team .
POS	the littlest kid , kevin , is the victim of the older kids' cruelty .
POS	even when he's at his meanest , derek has a likable quality to him , and that's a gutsy approach when telling a story about a skinhead .
POS	except for the beginning set piece and the last 20 twenty minutes or so , the film is in comedy mode .
POS	the thirteenth floor doesn't reach the level of originality , creativity , and curiosity sparked by the matrix and existenz , but it certainly gives a great shot at it .
POS	wilhelm furtwangler , then the world's greatest orchestra conductor stayed in germany and cooperated with the nazis .
NEG	well , i don't know , much of it just seemed like a bunch of nerdies talking techie jargon for about an hour and a half , only to figure out some big secret in the end , a secret which practically had me yawning with excitement .
POS	but she's really just right for the role of someone who inspires sympathy and yet strains the tolerance of those around her , precisely because she's so needy of love , perhaps .
NEG	at the outset , the movie appears to be about tony danza , who's an illegal distributor of guns , trying to establish a relationship with an unsuspecting woman .
POS	there is is no book of shadows and no conclusion that we can be satisfied with .
POS	that frightens me beyond anything .
POS	you see , disney animated features these days have two components : theme and plot .
POS	that thing you do !
NEG	since director steven zaillian previously wrote the powerful screenplay for 1993's steven spielberg drama " schindler's list " and directed 1993's intelligent " searching for bobby fischer , " his new film , " a civil action , " should most likely be looked upon as an unfortunate misstep in an otherwise prosperous career .
POS	hall has some interesting things to say about what we expect from the system , but perhaps not enough of them .
POS	a young girl is cleaning thousands of seats and when asked why by an interviewer , she replies that she feels lucky to do so .
POS	they're quite different from action movies as we know them in america .
POS	combs is elegant , cool and low-key menacing as the gangsta they are sent to meet .
NEG	it's not that complicated plots can't be entertaining .
NEG	she happens to have her most beloved soap on in the background and somehow merges the two realities .
POS	we get entertainment , laughs , cries and more fun at the movies this season than probably any other movie .
NEG	a big star , catherine zeta-jones , hot of the heels of entrapment ( 6 . 5/10 ) and zorro .
NEG	nobody can save this bomb from it's own stupidity and arrogance in filmmaking and arrogance in believing that this is a positive religious-type of film .
POS	seen may 19 , 1999 at 5 p . m . at the crossgates cinema 18 ( guilderland , n . y . ) , theater #1 , with my brother john for $8 . 50 .
NEG	although the film is midly funny , and quite watchable , there's something so horribly familiar about it all .
NEG	cogliostro , unlikely wannabe guide for spawn , serves as a poor narrator for the film .
POS	bubby becomes a holy fool , an idiot savant , and graces us with wisdom .
NEG	the trade confederation plot is just not as exciting as the death star , and as the film goes on the drama becomes more and more non-existent .
POS	but there too is a problem , as the explanations offered for his motivations are psychologically fuzzy to say the least .
POS	not only are mr . menken's tunes unbearably catchy , but mr . ashman's charming lyrics are fully integrated into the film's storyline so that the songs are a virtual extension of the character's dialogue , and consequently work wonderfully within the context of the film .
NEG	the people in " wild things " are not so much people as they are caricatures .
NEG	we can measure with a stopwatch the time from them setting eyes on each other to the moment they are doing the mattress dance .
NEG	it's nothing more than a special effects-extravaganza ; visually impressive , but intellectually hollow thriller that simply doesn't engage .
POS	the only problem is , she has no interest in him what so ever .
POS	unlike so many modern filmmakers , he has a great deal of restraint , and refuses to show us the shark until the middle of the second act .
POS	heck , why not spend the entire film glossing up the good guys ?
POS	opinion : the good news is that this movie has a happy ending , and it features a guy trying to do the right thing .
POS	it's not at all surprising worm owes thousand of dollars to the mob , but what is surprising is how the film is able to take such a predictable element and execute it the way it does .
POS	the comedian made the move from the improv stage to the big screen and , with jackie chan , has a franchise to hang his coat on to pay the bills .
POS	the acrimony between dreamworks honcho jeff katzenberg and disney big wheel michael eisner is well known .
NEG	viewers align themselves with him despite their uncertainty if he is hero or villain .
POS	first he calls a lobbyist from the insurance industry to get a bribe - a $10 million life insurance policy in his daughter's name .
POS	when he finally comes out of his state of self-trance , the movie's direction changes , though it remains equally if not more entertaining .
NEG	cruel intentions is a mess in every possible way , and it fails primarily in the way i expected it to : i hated all the characters , and i hate everything they do .
NEG	the only thing keeping this film from becoming an incomprehensible mess is the sheer idiotic simplicity of its story .
POS	sparks don't fly when they kiss , but they both seem right for each other .
POS	law ) , michael mckean ( laverne & shirley ) and bobcat goldthwait .
NEG	the last few productions have been effect laded action adventures that combine both the best and worst of american filmmaking with the same qualities of hong kong films .
POS	he is a likable guy , fighting his hiv with his doses of " cocktails , " and lights up the screen as he makes the long walk , often with dance and song , to find his father and himself .
NEG	and then there's moore , who may not have much prior experience in comedy , but who has certainly proven her ability as an actress .
POS	curtis is one of my favorite female actors ; whiplash smart , sultry and charismatic , she deserves more than supporting roles .
NEG	just , ugh .
POS	the concept is not new , by any sense , in the world of science fiction .
NEG	there's never any sense that these people are really thinking their way out of anything , or really being tested to show their mettle .
POS	with rolfe kent's whimsically sinister music it never seems clear where the story is headed .
NEG	now , it is time for " the next logical step " -- human .
POS	best of all , the film is thought provoking , but directed and written in such a way that the film feels as light as a feather , and is very entertaining .
POS	it tried to explain a mythology about the portals , that made it seem rushed .
POS	it would be just simon's luck , that he would accidentally kills joe's mom , something you are told at the beginning of the movie .
POS	while keaton , boyle , and furst are good , it's christopher lloyd who really makes the movie special .
NEG	the dean is so opposed to the goofiness that he wants patch kicked out of school although he's one of the top students .
POS	suddenly , tom goes to the fox 5 news room and makes a live broadcast saying , " this is your ransom .
NEG	the crucible errs from the beginning and arthur miller's name should be summoned for blame here for the addition of the above scene to his screen adaptation of his play .
POS	figuring into all of this are new york cabbie korben dallas ( bruce willis ) ; a shady , southern-drawling entrepreneur by the name of zorg ( the hilariously hammy gary oldman , picking up where he left off in besson's the professional ) ; a priest ( ian holm ) ; and a mysterious creature named leeloo ( milla jovovich ) .
POS	at least we learn early on that she is scarred by the deaths of those close to her , and so we understand why she is eager to escape the company of her comrades in order to seek refuge in the convalescence of a mysterious , disfigured , dying stranger .
NEG	sadly , this is probably the high point in the movie .
NEG	the teenage romance .
POS	but neither side is trivialized .
NEG	ladies and gentlemen , it's a mystery !
NEG	with that said , you can pretty much predict what my opinion on " the 13th warrior " will be .
NEG	unfortunately some of the most important comments to make about this film would be spoilers .
POS	his best friend marlon ( noah emmerich ) always has a six pack of beer with him .
NEG	oftentimes , to even further the cliche , the murdered pet is a cat ( suspense filmmakers , for some reason , just don't like cats ) .
POS	with great performances by ralph fiennes ( doing another english patient type of film , only this movie is better ) and julianna moore who definitely deserves an oscar because out of all 5 films she did in 1999 , i believe this was the role , she had the most passion for , and you can see why .
NEG	ari is an attractive ape with close ties to high political power .
POS	and some of the images here are , in fact , much more harrowing than what we usually see in movies about slavery .
POS	wahlberg plays davidson not as some gung-ho hero , but as a confused and somewhat frightened explorer who only wants to return home .
POS	don't get me wrong--i'm not saying films should eliminate swearing , but when a film substitutes dialogue with these profane remarks , it gets rather distracting .
POS	as the battle between apes and humans looms , the cowardly limbo pleads , " can't we all just get along , " echoing the words of rodney king .
POS	in a few broad strokes , weir creates a convincing second-reality , and he has the good sense not to bring christof into the picture until almost three-quarters through .
NEG	his one-liners fall flat , and he seems tired and uncertain of all the actions , mental and physical , required of his character .
POS	as he gets closer and closer to the people who committed the horrible crime against his girlfriend , he begins to learn just how vicious these people really are and starts to question his own motives for violence .
POS	sidious communicates to viceroy only through digital transmissions and never in person .
NEG	boy . . .
POS	what the group of participants doesn't know is that cleese's donald sinclair ( " i can do anything i want - i'm eccentric ! " ) is staging the race as a betting game for a group of high rollers at the hotel .
POS	victor's pre-fab inheritance is a shambles in a slum resembling sarajevo .
NEG	as if that wasn't enough , dean reappears on the scene with revenge on his mind .
POS	" we were trying to make a cautionary tale , " he told newsweek , " and we couldn't show the behavior we were trying to caution people away from . "
NEG	which is what makes this review an even harder one to write , since i generally applaud films which attempt to break the mold , mess with your head and such ( lost highway & memento ) , but there are good and bad ways of making all types of films , and these folks just didn't snag this one correctly .
NEG	putting a dog in peril has become the ultimate hollywood cliche . . . . . . every
NEG	his father ( stephen rea ) is an indifferent alcoholic , his mother ( fiona shaw ) is mentally ill and always in and out of hospitals , and francis himself delights in terrorizing the mother of one of his friends after he is forbidden to see him anymore .
NEG	fun ?
POS	during the late 1830s , a portuguese slave ship carries a cargo of black men and women kidnapped from their home on africa's west coast to cuba to be sold into slavery .
NEG	thinking about it , this is a real mishmash of contrivance and coincidence that is held together solely by the comedic efforts of steve zahn and jack black .
NEG	the irs catches on , but since everything points back to the sexton's and not lachman , there is nothing much to do .
NEG	hopefully , this will also serve as a springboard to a better batman next time .
POS	the visuals and cgi are astounding , and obviously not cheaply done at all .
NEG	what they should have stolen were the background sight gags which were so effective in the zucker brother's films while writing their own dialogue .
POS	on the negative side , the cinematography in this film is nothing special , the film stock is rather primitive , the plot is often rather slow , and the subtitles are sometimes extremely hard to read against the background .
NEG	the mercenaries even run into a lone , surviving passenger ( femke jannsen ) who looks amazingly like sandra bullock .
POS	george clooney , whose role became a cameo in editing , gives a strange performance .
POS	in the end , he's not only holding an unbroken band , but he makes the audience appreciate the lengths he went to direct such a fine feature .
POS	let's hope the french continue to provide us with the inspiration to make films like cousins
NEG	surprisingly ( at least considering her work in me , myself and irene ) renee zellweger gives a revelatory performance , building on her baby faced , apple pie looks .
POS	the ants look up in awe , and then a beam of fire blasts into the ground .
POS	written by buck henry score by danny elfman starring nicole kidman , matt dillon , joachin phoenix based on the book by joyce maynard .
POS	the exception is at the very beginning , where they speak into the camera , wholeheartedly believing that their participation is truly good for truman , and for society in general .
NEG	( " the worst movie of the year , " i say . )
POS	it is not a bit of an exaggeration to say that this is the most highly anticipated movie in history .
POS	sure , there were obvious metaphorical connections , but there was no subtlty to his efforts .
NEG	as for the obscenely photogenic zeta-jones , she breezes through her scenes with a wink and a smile and takes the scenery with her .
NEG	fahdlan is chosen as the 13th and last warrior in a moment that is so desperately overacted and overdone that numerous persons at the screening i attended broke out into laughter .
NEG	sam convinces max to go back to america with him so they can make lots of money , and so their various subplots can all be resolved .
NEG	edward burns makes a misstep by casting himself in the crucial role as the egomaniacal old flame .
POS	it's long and drawn out , and i would have settled with a more implausible beginning that would have moved the story along better .
NEG	this presumably creates a venue where they will be secluded and will have no possible means off the island .
NEG	dade later meets up with fellow hackers acid burn ( angelina jolie ) , cereal killer ( matthew lillard ) , lord nikon ( laurence mason ) , and the phantom phreak ( renoly santiago ) , who are basically trying to do what is next to impossible : hack the gibson computer and not get caught by the fbi .
POS	it involves an old indian myth called weendigo , which states that a man who eats the flesh of another steals that person's strength , spirit and very essence .
NEG	" mystery men " boasts one of the most talented and eclectic casts ever assembled .
NEG	the plot concerns two losers named gordie boggs ( david arquette , aptly cast as a neandrathal ) and sean dawkins ( scott caan ) who are so obsessed with professional wrestling that they believe everything they see on wcw monday nitro is something more than a flashy show .
NEG	of course , there's gags along the way , usually from lawernce .
NEG	the characters are mostly one-dimensional professional killers .
POS	kudos to columbia tristar for adding that feature to the disc .
NEG	and i don't blame them , they would have been better off if this had been some sort of porno flick starring the two of them .
NEG	( 6 ) to get laughs , murphy makes fun of stuttering .
NEG	sammy ( billy crystal ) is a struggling agent at the end of his ropes .
NEG	capsule : a wild jungle woman and an 11-story gorilla are discovered in tibet and taken to hong kong where the gorilla escapes and causes havoc .
NEG	if there were a subject just screaming to be made into a film , it was studio 54 , the late steve rubell's infamous new york discotheque , which came to symbolize the taboo-smashing excesses of the disco era's heyday : easy drugs and even easier sex between everyone , all set to a thumping dance beat .
POS	the characters continue that turn : our two leads are simon birch ( ian michael smith ) and joe wenteworth ( joseph mazzello ) .
POS	what would be the " final act " ?
POS	there's very little that's new in this movie--jackie winning fights , jackie getting beaten badly by a master , jackie going through punishment or training . . . these
NEG	numerous comparisons can be made with this movie to past sci-fi , suspense thrillers .
NEG	together , anne parillaud and william baldwin conspire to make " shattered image " the biggest piece of hooey since the stallone/stone " thriller " " the specialist . "
NEG	i would say sit back and have a good time with wild wild west , but it really isn't possible .
POS	he was probably noticed more than the other actors in the film by award givers because his role here is so much different and impressive than those in the past ( however any actor in this film could be nominated for best supporting actor without any complaints ) the only problem i had with the acting was that a few of the characters felt seriously edited down such as melinda dillon's character as phillip baker hall's wife .
POS	the sisters have choices , like everyone else in life does .
POS	again , we are setup with several different characters , and one by one , they are picked off .
POS	in the nfl , this leads to teams like the detroit lions , who boast a superstar running back with a huge contract , but can only field five guys named herb to block for him .
POS	all of the main characters in each story are perfect because they are able to reveal more emotions and attitudes in their brief time on the screen then most movie stars can do in a feature length film .
POS	i got to go back to the times when making movies ( even horror movies ) was considered an art form , and not just done to make cash like nowadays .
POS	the group's members are , naturally a diverse group : there's brooding lead singer and songwriter jimmy ( johnathon schaech ) ; girl-crazy lenny ( steve zahn ) , the lead guitarist ; a goofy , geeky type known only as the bass player ( ethan embry ) ; and the film's center , guy ( tom everett scott ) , the drummer who has aspirations in jazz .
NEG	the film definitely lives up to the dreaded three adjectives - and mindless entertainment is nowhere to be found .
NEG	they seem to have taken this pretty neat concept , but executed it terribly .
NEG	it's a collection of every cliche and stereotype of the south ever made , and coming from a yankee like me who dislikes the south that's really saying something .
NEG	mcfarlane's spawn was a tortured hero .
NEG	an overexcited ben stiller shouts out .
POS	along those same lines , it's almost unfitting to compare the two ; johnson uses tension , humor , atmosphere , and suspense to create an original drama of forrest gumpian proportions .
POS	if you can take your eyes off the screen , steal a look at the audience .
NEG	one running gag involves oscar and felix's inability to remember the name of the town where the wedding is to be held .
NEG	after all , the world of porn is still an active , dishonourable profession .
POS	elliot ness , played with perfect ingenuity by kevin costner , is a character that surely grows during the course of the film .
POS	they too plan to see the island from a safe height grant is relieved to learn .
POS	the acting is also pretty good , especially for what is almost a porn ( ousting linda lovelace as best actress in a porn ) .
POS	i always picture these guys getting together and producing a movie between arm-wrestling matches .
NEG	and :
POS	until now .
POS	and i think i'm the kind of person that laughs least at movies , even when i find them funny .
POS	got to buy it , or risk little billy's temper tantrums for the next month .
POS	hogarth teaches the giant to go against his programming and become what he wants to be : a hero .
NEG	i was recently told that in china their had been strong protests against the release of red corner  and this is apparently because of the way it shows the injustice of many chinese laws .
NEG	i won't bother to compare the two .
NEG	michael mann was the wrong person to helm this film and the insider lacks intensity because of his style .
POS	it is rated r and contains pervasive crude humor and language and sexual situations .
POS	rush hour features jackie chan in his first u . s . action movie , playing a chinese detective who's being flown to the us to investigate the kidnapping of the chinese consulate's daughter .
NEG	there's no underlying tension , and no urgent need to see what the outcome is .
NEG	i guess the film's title refers to this love scene since it's definitely a dead bang .
NEG	perhaps the best that can be said for the picture is the faint praise i heard afterwards in the lobby , " it's not as bad as some of the television sitcoms . "
POS	it's difficult to condense the mile-a-minute plot .
POS	>from the " goodbye and thank you " number on , the film shows eva trying to cover up for the horrible government by doing cheap and petty things which wooed a nation , and saved a government , even while it left the nation's people downtrodden .
POS	the morose crooning of leonard cohen would seem an odd song for the background of any party , but in a wonder boys party , it fits .
POS	our little eyes are trained to see that . "
POS	this little-known ( try finding it in any history text book ) incident from america's past would have gone down a darker path were it not for former president john quincy adams ( anthony hopkins ) who is persuaded to argue the case before the supreme court .
NEG	he completely butchered the story to pieces .
NEG	it even fails to be an entertaining bad movie .
POS	it is a one-way ride down the lost highway of a disturbed mind , and as such it is gripping , intense , and brilliantly effective .
NEG	not me .
NEG	recycling old films ( " that darned cat " , " 101 dalmatians " ) dressed up as new is the newest money machine from the home of the mouse that roared .
NEG	the premise is simple .
NEG	carpenter's latest horror opus with a science fiction bent ( or science fiction outing with a schlock horror bent ) is the aptly-titled " john carpenter's ghosts of mars " ( in case , i suppose , you went looking for someone else's " ghosts of mars " ) .
NEG	these four universal truths would be revealed through three different couples : young , adult , and elderly .
POS	as far as i'm concerned he succeeded , and this film is testimony that he does , in fact , have some range in his talents .
POS	or i suppose you could just read the cliff notes .
NEG	all of a sudden , with a thunderous sound effect and an eerie sounding musical pulse , his eyelids open .
POS	well , i've said it before .
POS	" are we entertaining royalty ? "
POS	but then again , the father , after all , is not a totally bad guy , and we can see the emotional complications that arise thanks to a performance by mortizen which is just so great and touching that while we do believe that he could have raped his children years earlier , we also see a man who has also learned to live with what he's done , and deep down , feels true guilt that is only now beginning to surface .
NEG	i looked for the " action " but couldn't find it .
POS	he ably assumes various personas .
POS	i have seen many movies based on books that just seem like selected scenes from the book visualized , eschewing anything remotely resembling a coherent story -- for example clear and present danger .
NEG	don't get me wrong , i love car chases , but they were overdone and too long here .
POS	she forces her mother to tell hank and get it all out into the open .
NEG	* * * * * perfection .
NEG	molly's husband is a career-conscious , self-centered republican politician who thinks she's too fat ( and just for good measure , he also fucked dan's wife ) , so we can write him off as a prick .
POS	anyway , since the trailer gave it away , i figure it's fair game to discuss here .
NEG	just kidding ! ) and follows them up with the real scare , but nothing in this movie scares you .
POS	with injustice on the worst level ?
POS	robert de niro sobbing is reason enough to watch it , even though it does seem forced , or like a parody ( although i think this was intentional . )
NEG	jakob the liar is the kind of movie that can't be placed into a category ; not because it covers so many different genres but because it fails at just about every one it attempts .
NEG	how interesting .
POS	one is the abbe , a handsome , charming and kindly man whose desires are stymied by his oath to god .
POS	in this context , the joke works , but like the latest columbine joke , some people will get it and enjoy a good laugh , and others won't .
POS	ok , i admit i had a bad attitude about this film from the start .
NEG	( my personal favorite is a patrick swayze movie called steel dawn , which was fairly well made on a small budget . )
NEG	after surviving these abysmal trailers , the person finally gets to watch the movie he rented : watchers reborn .
NEG	the movie's plot is preposterous with enough illogical leaps that if the film ever slowed down , you'd actually see how ridiculous it all is .
POS	because of this , leonard is forced to rely on notes he leaves for himself .
POS	and i must admit that it is often very funny , in a strange way ( such as the wonderful quote : " . . it's
POS	their friendship grows as both men start to realize their dreams , wing jing's to be a powerful and wealthy man , and see to settle down with a woman he can truly love .
NEG	it's too much to handle in one dosage .
NEG	billy crystal reappears in yet another high concept comedy .
NEG	congratulations to those of you who answered scream and/or urban legend .
POS	also , the mostly-unrelated-storywise sequel , " drunken master ii " , will hit theaters in american release sometime later this year ( though what its american-release title will be is still uncertain ) and comes _highly_ recommended by this reviewer .
POS	" memento " is endlessly exciting and inventive , a rare story which keeps the viewers guessing during the film itself , and mulling over its connotations long after leaving the theatre .
NEG	no only could they have let the water out of the pool and avoided the complication altogether , but there is by far too much water to be accounted for by what was in the pool .
NEG	all this love and sorcery have a lot to do with the telekinetic crab that also figures into the story , a tale that at times plays like an american spin on 1993's mexican classic " like water for chocolate . "
NEG	for those who remember disney's fantastic " adventures of ichabod crane " , it is actually superior to this .
NEG	the hasidics are ultra-orthodox : they don't go to the cinema or watch tv , adhere to strict dress codes , and strictly observe their religious laws .
NEG	it's not a comedy .
POS	mulan's crippled father is called , but mulan sneaks off , steals his armor and takes his place .
POS	once again , b-movie king roger corman is behind this effort ( he directed the original ) but this time he appears only in the role of executive producer .
NEG	the whole reason the plot exists - julie and karla must guess the capital of brazil in order to win the trip from the radio station - is a dead giveaway , lessening suspense and creating a hurry-up-and-wait timing problem .
POS	far from being bad , mighty joe young is actually a family fun movie .
POS	just because one actor didn't work out as chief executive doesn't mean that a different one couldn't .
NEG	the film falls apart around the five-minute mark during an enormously long action sequence which must last around 20 minutes . . . or
POS	,
NEG	beck is investigating the brutal murders of a shopkeeper and a cop .
NEG	i can admit to smiling a few times because the babies were cute .
NEG	the weather is constantly overcast or rainy .
POS	it would take a helluva long time , much longer than this film would like to make out .
POS	" well , " he shouts , laughing , " isn't that obvious ? "
NEG	jeff fahey , of the original lawnmower man , convincingly , though unenergetically , plays the lead character .
NEG	the nature of man and his place in society is what the novel is truly about .
NEG	and , whereas the killer's identity might've been a question in the first movie , it's almost a given here , which changes the dynamic of the movie drastically .
POS	private pyle , however , seems to be the rag doll for the drill instructor .
POS	but since this is a family/friends affair , his confession becomes more detested than the supposed truth , and is simply brushed off despite his efforts , and what transpires is sorta like jerry springer crossed with jean renoir , and it's all terribly interesting to watch .
POS	carlyle's work here is a stark contrast to his character in trainspotting , implying real acting skill and flexibility on-screen .
NEG	that is , however , not to say it is a good film , a quality production or anything of the sort .
NEG	the abstract concept on which the film is based had merit , to dissect love into the following four categories : meeting , physical passion , quarrels , and reconciliation .
NEG	there is no big plot description in this review , because the movie has very little plot .
POS	a caravan of slavers pick up the wounded hero and carry him off to north africa .
POS	almost every conversation these characters have revolves around makin' whoopee .
NEG	as the megalomaniac boss , his caricature plays like a bad dream out of a b-movie , scrambled , and left in the shelf to rot .
POS	throughout the film , we see a completely realized debate over the truth and the effects it has on the lives of those who have learned to live with lies , a debate so three-dimensional that it could easily blow oliver stone and his the-truth-at-all-costs reasoning out of the water .
POS	of course , sensory overload was exactly what baz luhrmann had in mind .
NEG	as with any gen-x mtv movie ( like last year's dead man on campus ) , the movie is marketed for a primarily male audience as indicated by its main selling points : sex and football .
NEG	the strength of this film lies in its rational theme , that smoking pot should be legalized since it is even less dangerous than drinking alcohol .
NEG	mr . nice guy is the latest jackie chan film , so you should know what to expect .
NEG	his story is trite and shallow , as are his characters , and his direction is shockingly flat , especially for a film about this subject .
POS	i spent the first hour of forces of nature slowly stewing over its grim attitude towards marriage , grousing to myself about its transparently planes , trains and automobiles plot machinations , and waiting for the inevitable hollywood denouement .
NEG	in suri krishnamma's a man of no importance , albert finney disappears so deeply into the role of a lovable dublin bus conductor that it's a shame when the film gets so serious around him .
POS	hartman .
NEG	-- they're going to make millions of copies , he breaks the record .
NEG	taking itself far too seriously , red corner is not half the film it intends to be .
NEG	now her po ( parole officer ) , and a bunch of cops are chasing after her and are conflicted whether or not to believe her claims .
NEG	the most appropriate ending would have been for the 13 men to join hands , form a chorus line , and break into a rendition of " springtime for hitler . "
NEG	a science-fiction opus starring the barbarino of the actors guild , battlefield earth should be shown only at maximum-security prisons when a prisoner is tossed in solitary for bad behavior .
NEG	when i first saw that the flick was 89 minutes long , i thought maybe that this was a poor attempt at an independence day type film that just ran out of gas .
NEG	there is small thread of suspense running through the film , but it certainly doesn't make this film a powerhouse thriller , rather just a slightly below average one .
NEG	explosions are fun .
POS	she has warm , human chemistry with gibson , whose rocky hides his personal doubt under a brash gung-ho veneer .
NEG	it more or less falls on the four of them to make the world safe again from the evil slugs .
POS	that said , however , there's nothing inspired about either davidtz's or sutherland's work .
NEG	synopsis : a mentally unstable man undergoing psychotherapy saves a boy from a potentially fatal accident and then falls in love with the boy's mother , a fledgling restauranteur .
POS	a strange mixture of _shine_ , _basquiat_ , _angel heart_ , and grant morrison & dave mckean's graphic novel " arkham asylum " , _the caveman's valentine_ is a feverish tale of a homeless madman-cum-detective who , on the morning of february 14th , discovers a " valentine " just outside his new york cave : one of ella fitzgerald's strange fruit , stuck in the crotch of a tree--a young male model murdered and frozen to a branch .
NEG	ace ventura has one glaring incongruity .
NEG	in this latest horror flick mimic case , it's 'never work with children and genetically enhanced killer animals' instead , as mimic features both of these and succeeds in doing nothing except mildly engaging the audience .
POS	but " quills " also details the marquis' determination : to write in spite of the obstacles put in his path , and to propagate his words to the masses .
POS	no writer's block , he's nearing 3 , 000 pages with no end in sight .
POS	for whatever reason his stardom never arrived . . .
NEG	she was completely superfluous .
NEG	to be honest , the only half-convincing actor in the film is the golden retriever who plays einstein .
POS	unfortunately , by the time the professor finds him , will is in jail for assaulting a police offer .
POS	much press has been given about the casting of blaxploitation-era icon pam grier in the lead , with the wags buzzing that mr . tarantino may do for her what his pulp fiction did to bolster john travolta's then-sagging career .
NEG	rather , why write him into the film ? -give
NEG	try imagining a soft-porn movie . . . but
POS	type of thing ) .
POS	the film begins with pumpkin and honey bunny in a small coffee shop discussing their recent robberies and hold-ups .
POS	he would rather work construction , which breaks lambeau's heart .
NEG	the part where the liner crashes through the town looks very realistic , but . . . . surprise
POS	a lot .
NEG	.
NEG	even watching the adventures of kleenex man would be more interesting than spawn .
NEG	well , it's a big roundish ball floating in space around the sun . .
POS	eleanor o'sullivan of `the home news & tribune' noticed this , and was kind and generous enough to welcome it : `for want of a better word , a glow surrounds a dog of flanders .
POS	the acting is variable .
POS	it is hard to imagine that a movie which includes abortion and incest as prominent plot devices could be so sensitive , so delicate , so insightful and yes , even so enjoyable .
POS	for the most part , kasdan manages to combine the genres successfully and create a captivating film .
NEG	i think she can quit that job and get a more respectable job at long john silvers .
NEG	the new cinderella , danielle ( drew barrymore ) is not sitting around waiting for her prince to come .
NEG	the filmmakers seem to have forgotten every human element possible .
NEG	or maybe he wants to be a dramatic actor and thought he could do something serious with the movie's somber tone .
NEG	he plans to rob an indian casino on christmas eve with the assistance of rudy who he thinks is nick who , according to what he wrote in the letters to ashley , used to work as a guard in the indian casino .
POS	she is a pleasure to see on screen .
NEG	this casts more than a shadow of a doubt on williamson's ability , who enjoyed success with the wes craven-directed scream but couldn't pull anything solid in for this outing or i know what you did last summer .
NEG	oh billy , you're a scamp !
POS	most movie goers , the non-cynics anyway , will be too wrapped up in the surreal atmosphere to give criticism to that which needs to be criticized .
POS	.
POS	vocal talent is always essential to an animated feature , and antz has one of the best line-ups seen since toy story .
NEG	" down to earth " is for chris rock fans only .
NEG	reelviews ?
POS	was it really only forty years ago , when sputnik was launched , and that before then , no satellites ever existed ?
POS	you can find these characters as they are , foul-mouthed , dirty , pathetic , ugly perhaps but definitely interesting , in irvin welsh's cult novel of the same name .
NEG	the filmmakers attempt to produce a suspenseful plot interspersed with tony and sarah's " character development . "
NEG	unfortunately , a lot of jet's fights are aided with computer effects that detract from his ability and precision .
NEG	then there's a cocky pilot ( will smith ) who is the only person to survive the counter-attack on the second day and becomes moses in leading his children to the elusive area 51 ( the film's only sign of being brave ) .
POS	and we got tough guys galore , here ; drug-running banditos by the dozens , all dirty and sweaty and pretty ill-tempered , overall ; a secret task force of army commandos who are in the area to cover-up ( supposedly ) any connection between the government and the drug runners ; and lots of shit-kicking texas dirt farmers who'd as soon shoot you between the eyes as look at you .
NEG	shouldn't the astronauts be better trained to deal with a hull breach ?
NEG	although affleck is given some barbed wire tattoos to insinuate bad assness , he plays the role like steve guttenberg preciously mugging through a police academy flick .
POS	the sets appear to be in the future , but not too far in the future .
NEG	while the fight scenes are brutal and eye-popping , the rest of the movie looks like standard made for tv fare .
POS	personally , i don't think it needs one : it works perfectly well as a study of tibetan buddhist culture and how communist china .
POS	however zero's observance of the fine art of detachment , though it makes him a brilliant private investigator , makes him somewhat of a self-imposed outcast in society .
NEG	lang , through an elaborate and expensive teleconferencing briefcase .
POS	he is chosen for this role because he physically resembles the real terrorist to a tee .
NEG	if she were to marry him , she'd never get a chance to escape this town .
NEG	only a few things work here and those are a few of the performances , the writing and visual style , but the storyline and the finished product don't work as well .
NEG	will they reconnect ?
NEG	they don't find it .
POS	with the passage of a few hours i tempered my enthusiasm and started pondering the question of whether a masterpiece must implicitly be a " great " piece of work and viceversa .
NEG	then there's queen latifa , who , despite getting fifth billing in the credits ( ahead of liev schreiber , who boasts at least quadruple her screen time ) , has less than a handful of lines and almost nothing to do other than inflate the body count .
POS	although most of the scenes were quite predictable , ransom is a very entertaining and suspenseful film .
NEG	but is he really evil , or is he a product of society ?
NEG	and phillippe has almost no presence whatsoever ; this performance pales in comparison to mark whalberg's star-making role in boogie nights .
NEG	the jokes were bland and hackneyed from talents who have previously made audiences laugh with their unique rituals .
NEG	a special note should go to ron eldard and denise crosby .
NEG	of course , much like all other death row cell blocks , this one is filled with decent inmates who all happen to be " misunderstood " , except for one cookie-cutter crazy guy who is evil personified .
NEG	watching jackie doing his stuff in a kitchen , beating the bad guys with foodstuffs sounds like the perfect setup for innumerable comic stunts .
NEG	he vowed to have vengeance .
NEG	forsythe's lame performance and corny dialogue makes his character unbearable .
NEG	now that i've pretty much run for richer or poorer into the ground , i will let you in on the best thing about it .
POS	thus , christof and his team suddenly find themselves working twice as hard to keep the veneer of seahaven intact , lest truman discover the world outside and put an end to the highly-rated program .
POS	that subplot obviously exists to get us rooting for the quinn-robin pairing , and while it makes for a few good laughs early on , it eventually becomes a contrived distraction from the far more engrossing misadventures of quinn and robin .
POS	* don't say i didn't warn you about the party scene .
NEG	they take off in a rental car for the ceremony in san molina , get lost and have a series of " wacky " adventures on the road .
POS	joe mantegna is a great head stooge , barking lines like " that little doo-doo machine is my retirement money . "
POS	directed by douglas williams
NEG	but , then again , what do i know about business ?
NEG	we feel bad for his mental/physical collapse but does he really need to kill everyone for plants ?
POS	neo ( reeves ) is pretty much a key player in this fight , although he really doesn't look it at first .
NEG	director/writer rand ravich coats the proceedings in dynamic sights masterminded by legendary " e . t . "
POS	perhaps what makes the alien series so impressive is the hero--or heroine , as the case may be .
NEG	.
POS	american pie acknowledges a cold , hard fact that most movies don't : it is very difficult to get laid .
NEG	the team encounters a mysterious monolith that emits a strange pulse ( this being nothing like the pulse-emitting monolith in " 2001 " -- that one was on the * moon * ) , but when they try to study it , a giant sand tornado comes out of the top and swallows them ( all except luke , who survives long enough to send a garbled message back to the rotating space station , which looks strangely like the rotating space station in " 2001 " ) .
NEG	the film itself is sprinkled with these real interviews throughout , both as part of the plot and as commentary on the situations of the main characters .
NEG	i suppose when you've got a movie with a giant lizard loose in new york , any other semblance of reality goes out the window as well .
POS	she spends her time listening to the stars , via ultra-huge communication dishes in search of intelligent life beyond the solar system .
POS	by beating disney out , they have satisfied the audience's thirst for computer-animated films .
POS	well , yes it does .
POS	elena's husband david ( javier bardem ) is the cop crippled in the shooting and he wears david schwimmer's bemused expression throughout .
NEG	there are a couple of inventive shots with smoke , fire , air and water , but are a few scenes like that worth attending a movie for ?
NEG	boston is one of the targetted cities because our hero louie becomes famous playing his trumpet in beantown .
POS	we know all this , and yet we want to believe in these folks' existence .
POS	in some cases , this made for interesting scenes .
POS	this may sound like i didn't like antz ; on the contrary , i'd put it up there with toy story .
NEG	faye dunaway ( the thomas crown affair ) gives a strong performance in minimal screen time as the dauphin's mother-in-law and chief advisor .
NEG	but overall , who cares ?
POS	if the star were any other comic , that would be enough motivation to drive the movie , but with sandler , the rookie also wants to win the prize money to help his grandma keep her house .
POS	but times and ambitions change .
NEG	gwyneth paltrow is little more than satisfactory in her lead position as well .
POS	not a chance .
NEG	these characters are totally unrealistic and unbelievable - it's as if everyone under age 30 is a stoned raver .
NEG	the celebrity spotting is partially amusing , and a decent way to pass the time when confronted with the rest of the film .
NEG	i mean , this one bit .
NEG	the film becomes mired in the murder-and-cover-up plotting , which quickly saps what little life and energy there was right out of the film .
POS	really a good sign .
NEG	original sin then briefly tries to be a thriller .
POS	he is reluctant to lead the human rebellion ; his only objective being to find a way off this upside-down planet .
NEG	1 john 4 : 1 [kjv]
POS	who wouldn't want to speak with a long-dead parent ?
NEG	although her character is not directly involved with the main storyline , she manages to input a great deal of pathos and feeling into her character .
POS	the death count is the highest of any carry on film .
POS	david strathairn is particularly interesting and suitably smarmy and despicable as dolores' husband , joe st . george .
NEG	critique : the truth is that if i didn't have a day job , i would probably watch the real " jerry springer " show every day .
POS	nello also has a rather creative talent for drawing some of the most beautiful pictures that i have ever seen , in either a movie or in real life .
POS	a very emotional , and , for many , a very disturbing movie , the deer hunter is a truly magnificent movie that should not be missed .
NEG	every pitch is predictable .
POS	with a long-vanished wife ( tamara tunie ) acting as a spiritual guide , the occasional social caste commentary , the secret base in a cave , a divergent genius personality with a network of informants and supporters , and a wickedly colourful arch-enemy , the film piles on the lurid comic book details and dizzying slapdash colours to such a lavish extent that i was vaguely surprised that the blue police cars weren't inscribed with " gotham pd . "
POS	so when the film was released on home video , rather than releasing three separate videos , all three endings were included on one tape . . .
NEG	smith is a very talented performer who usually brings swift assurance to any comic relief material , but this is not an ideal role for him .
NEG	take , for example , a scene where mccabe is trying to make a getaway by climbing over an elevated passage tunnel connecting two sections of the hospital .
NEG	more like constipation .
POS	he conveys flynt's peculiarities and his character with depth and focus .
POS	will they make the big soccer game that is so important to their kids ?
NEG	it introduced the motif of roommate-as-spouse that has provided gags for movies and sitcoms ever since .
POS	the stories are all well-told , but it's difficult to really connect with the characters--their moments pass so quickly .
NEG	the mosaic is made of sound bites and stereotypes , but each tile is some woman's real experience .
POS	eventually , robbie starts rebounding toward julia .
POS	while i hardly enjoyed " crash , " it's still a pretty intriguing portrayal of a group of people who , if the exist , are some of the strangest and most bizarre people in the world .
NEG	after two years , the dust will settle ( actually , it would take much , much longer--approximately ninety years , from what i understand ) and the humans could come back to the surface and start over .
NEG	virus takes itself seriously .
NEG	everyone drives a yugo , differentiating their cars with personalized license plates .
NEG	ape shown badly matted behind temple .
POS	however , in not telling the audience what the cause of earth's destruction is , he's left a big question that is in their minds throughout the film .
NEG	it relies on an audience's perception of our leaders as ineffectual and duplicitous and on terrorists as non-human , faceless entities not worthy of compassion or consideration .
POS	dillon is exceptionally creepy , especially with his capped teeth .
NEG	additionally , it borrows heavily from speed2 , alien and a bunch of other recent films .
NEG	and if you don't believe me , go back and rent " godzilla , " and tell me if there's even one shot where we see godzilla either a ) in his entirety in one wide shot , or b ) n the light so that we can at least see him ( well , you don't really have to sit through it again ; just take my word for it ) .
NEG	back on terra firma , at least one of the crew is now a carrier of alien dna and , as you'll remember if you saw the first movie , driven by a strong urge to procreate .
NEG	as a med student , patch's antics at the school's hospital catch the attention of his soon to be arch-enemy , straight-laced dean walcott ( bob gunton ) .
NEG	obviously aware of the ugliness before him , director joe roth turns to goofy supporting characters like hank azaria ( as a lisping spaniard ) , christopher walken ( the insane time over time director ) , and alan arkin ( a new age guru in a fright wig ) to crack wise .
NEG	they had been used a number of times before in previous films , the best ones , which were mediocre to begin with , were ruined in the trailer , and the expectation of laughing at clever , unique gags from clever unique comedians when there were none to laugh at greatly damaged the film .
POS	you know the story .
POS	the substance is small in quantity and because of this , lead researcher dr . susan macalaester genetically alters the shark dna and grows them twice the size with brains as big as humans , naturally producing more of the much treasured hormones .
POS	battles are fought thousands of miles away among people we have no attachment to .
NEG	the film doesn't even have the goofball charm of chris elliott's recent no-brainer cabin boy .
NEG	the slugs' first and only victim in the fifties is cryogenically frozen where he is of no danger to anybody .
POS	a wonderful range of performances delight the audience throughout the film , varying from the straight , such as soon-tek oh as fa zhou , to the comical , such as harvey fierstein as yao , a gruff , pugilistic member of shang's conscripted army .
NEG	i'll bet you can .
NEG	eve finally breaks free of her confines--and her bra--for the finale , but the effects are so messy you can't really see what's going on .
NEG	the thesis is simple enough that , if played right , it could really hold sympathetic value for anyone .
POS	the film " magnolia " can be compared to a simple flower as its title and movie poster suggests .
POS	" meet joe black " is neither historical nor is it an epic , though i get the feeling martin brest ( the director ) desperately wants it to be .
NEG	the audience in the theater never jumped during suspenseful moments ; i think they were bored , too .
POS	while james spader is pretty boring ( he's usually pretty intense ) , deborah kara ungar is amazing .
POS	delroy lindo ( a life less ordinary ) has many powerful moments as mr . rose , the strong and charismatic leader of the apple pickers whom homer joins .
POS	in the thirteenth floor , we learn that we are just electronic devices , living under another world of electronic devices .
NEG	and the creature !
NEG	there's no explanation at all for this .
POS	they walk in unison and they only look forward .
POS	the highlights include a nifty round of animated action ( herc battling a cgi hydra ) , a steady stream of anachronisms ( " somebody call ix-i-i " ) and pop references ( " let's get ready to rumble ! " ) a la aladdin , and several long-overdue jabs at the mouse's marketing and merchandising depart- ments .
POS	the farrelly brothers have finally done it .
NEG	after enduring mariah carey's film debut , glitter , i'm reminded of a bit from chris rock's bigger and blacker .
POS	for daniels , it's his most commendable performance of the last three years - or more - and for walsh , it's a complementary exclamation point on a fine career .
NEG	gellar's amanda finds herself falling for harried henri bendel exec tom ( sean patrick flannery of powder ) around the same time she discovers an uncanny ability to mystically manifest emotions in her cooking , a secret ingredient that arouses both his interest in her and the public's in her tiny tribeca eatery .
NEG	uma thurman fares somewhat better as poison ivy .
POS	hey , hollywood , how about this : a remake with harrison ford and anne heche ?
NEG	screenwriters abby kohn and marc silverstein cannot get a handle of josie .
POS	although the thing that sets this movie apart from all others is definitely its incredible ape make-up jobs and characterizations .
NEG	/ not rated ==========================
NEG	danny aiello is fun to watch as a dirty cop on the take .
POS	bethany is joined on her road trip to the garden state by the " prophets " jay ( jason mewes ) and silent bob ( kevin smith , doing double-duty ) , the slacker minstrels who have appeared in all of smith's films thus far .
NEG	my favorite line was from a sideline fairy who is asked by her child why good can't fight back against the nazi-charged evil .
NEG	this film has absolutely no redeeming qualities .
POS	well , let's just say that he starts to mess with people's heads and one thing leads to another thing which leads to . . . well ,
NEG	li , of course has the showiest part , having to express both an innocents and steadfast determination .
POS	the finished film is epic in its proportions for a story so small , and the final third does test one's patience , yet henry fool is tight , hardly excessive in its length .
NEG	it's done all the time in the oral tradition .
NEG	amanda peterson plays valerie and shows at least some talent ( the rest of the cast don't ) , even though her performance isn't exactly stellar material .
POS	everyone knows someone like giles de'ath : stuffy , arrogant , set in his ways , and at war with anything that could in any way be associated with " progress . "
POS	every day , melvin eats at the same cafe , sits at the same table , and gets served by the same waitress .
POS	that's what computer programmer neo ( keanu reeves ) slowly learns as he enters the dangerous world that is the matrix , a movie directed by the wachowski brothers ( the guys behind the hip thriller bound ) .
POS	quite a few of the reviews i have read led me to believe that this film was absolutely hilarious and would make me laugh out loud the whole way through , and it didn't do that .
NEG	" the animal " is a marginally inspired comedy that only manages to lumber along , generating just enough momentum to keep it from stalling .
NEG	but when i watched it , it seemed anti-climactic and only seemed to gain any momentum towards the end when everything happened at once .
POS	to be specific , let me give you an example .
POS	the sets are huge and elaborate with a lot of attention payed to detail .
NEG	so bad , it's almost good .
NEG	shouldn't the director's commentary be on the director's cut of the film ?
NEG	also involved is a man in the final stages of dying of aids , a close friend of the morgue attendant .
NEG	he can , on his day , create amazingly well-done movies ( the untouchables , carlito's way ) .
NEG	singh is best known for directing music videos , particularly rem's " losing my religion , " and " the cell " seems very much like a really long , really slow mtv video with the sound deleted .
POS	? each one has their own personality and , perhaps the best part of the film , look like they are having some honest-to-goodness fun , something that can't be said for a lot of people in films today .
NEG	while , we are told , in the black community , the pimp is looked upon as a successful entrepenaur , riding around in fancy cars , flashing wads of money , dressed in a flamboyant style , where his snake-gaiter shoes might cost him a grand , and where he boasts hollywood style status in the community .
NEG	todd finds himself in the role of protector .
POS	rat race is a summer sleeper , but it will keep you awake , as will the laughter of those watching around you .
POS	i'm surprised to even say that " rush hour 2 " is the most entertaining of the summer blockbuster movies .
POS	it's not a " fun date movie " .
NEG	incidentally , if you're afraid i'm giving too much away , rest assured that all of this happens in the first 30 minutes of the movie , leaving plenty of time for numerous dopey plot twists , a great deal of operatic acting and more footage of her tits and his ass .
POS	as the buffoonish duke , richard roxburgh proves to be the film's weakest link , although i'm sure he was simply following instructions .
NEG	what's worse , these sudden developments are supposed to engage our sympathy .
POS	rather than focusing just on the reality parts of the film , the thirteenth floor becomes a murder mystery that ends up tying in with the different worlds .
POS	and to show his true faith for the project , he renenged all directing fees and percentage points to ease the budget costs .
NEG	miraculously dodging the bullet with the first film , i doubted that they'd dare tempt fate and go for another round .
POS	the stooges get hit by boards and dropped from roofs and , of course , suffer multiple crotch injuries .
NEG	his latest film , " the butcher boy , " is a return to his roots in ireland , but unfortunately , it is not a successful homecoming .
NEG	for about an hour , there's a sweet magic behind finney and his troupe of working-class stiffs .
POS	in the early going , it has a downright dangerous feel ; it seems to be saying that violence and civil disobedience are good for the soul , and this is undoubtedly the message that a few moronic punks are going to take from it .
POS	the cinematography , courtesy of walther van den ende is beautiful , and really adds to the powerful drama of the film .
POS	ryan cries a lot and smokes too many cigarettes , david morse ends up getting everyone at the guerilla camp to hate him , and crowe provides another memorable acting turn as the stoic , gunslinger character of terry thorne .
NEG	earth is at war with aliens that appear to feed on human souls .
NEG	larter , as a gorgeous seductress looking for a one way ticket out of texas , gets to show off the film's most interesting costumes , including a very eye-opening " whipped cream bikini . "
POS	but soon the focus of finn's life becomes romance , as he develops a lifelong infatuation with estella ( gwyneth paltrow ) , an upper crust girl with some psychological and emotional issues due to being raised in a dysfunctional environment .
POS	neve campbell , lovely as ever except when sporting a blond wig , gives suzie a vengeful vulnerability that makes her the most interesting member of the conspiring trio .
NEG	if hurt were available in tablet form , he would be a prescription strength sleeping pill .
NEG	see it for zeta-jones , or if you like special effects and scary movies that take forever to get going , and provide very little payback , otherwise skip it and check out the original or the ultimate movie about spooky homes from the netherworld , the shining .
POS	the film is short , however , and just before audience interest is waning the film suddenly goes into a rather rushed and unsatisfying ending and the credits roll .
POS	oh , the video came out ?
POS	zane is deliciously evil as cal , saying every line with a sneer and a flicker of the eye lash .
POS	the film stops several times to make fun of itself and of the audience who was " stupid " enough to buy tickets to this movie .
POS	they move from one colorful locale to another , including a nifty virtual reality room reminiscent of the holodeck from " star trek . "
NEG	you'll either enjoy what the film has to offer , or agree with ed norton when he says " this is so f * * * ing stupid . "
NEG	i've never seen an alexandre rockwell or allison anders film , so i can't comment on them .
POS	tyler acquits herself surprisingly well among her uk co-stars , filling in sketchy gaps by expressing base sentiments in a series of wanton stares .
POS	we see that he is a mean-tempered person .
NEG	have you ever switched channels and fallen upon one of those ridiculously melodramatic tv movies , one that you just couldn't help but switch back to from time to time , just to make sure that it wasn't part of some sick joke ?
NEG	kate feels guilty about getting in a relationship with someone more than twenty years younger than her , and she also feels guilty because at the same time she is also involved with the town fireman ( tom selleck ) .
NEG	obviously the problem is that without a good script , any director will fail in the end .
NEG	" 4 days to the millennium " ) .
POS	the songs that are included in the movie ( the title song and annie's song ) are very impressive .
NEG	as luck would have it , diana runs across jackie , and , wouldn't you know it , jackie accidentally ends up with the tape .
NEG	every character in this film is lifeless , vacuous and seemingly written by a depressed college student .
NEG	the amazing crispin glover lends his acting chops as a crazed henchmen involved in all the nasty things that happen to the angels -- like battling each of them in many round-robin matrix rip-off ( again ) fight sequences and harboring a strange attraction to sliced-off locks of the angels' hair .
NEG	in a movie that specializes in cheap shots , the camera locates the proverbial young girl trapped in a nearby burning building .
NEG	meanwhile , in central africa , the dastardly nigel ravens ( steven waddington ) , a self-proclaimed scholar and explorer , believes he has found the way to the lost city of opar , which he calls the cradle of civilization .
POS	from the very first bird's eye view of chicago , zooming in slowly toward the insignificant bob rueland ( david duchovny ) , accompanied by the " return to me " ballad ( by whom ? ) , we can tell we're in for something sweet .
NEG	his performance is a great break away from the gloom , and he's just purely enjoyable to watch .
NEG	then i saw cruel intentions .
NEG	the connection between the two feels completely edited , so much that in a scene when the jackal turns around and notices declan , you wonder how he recognized him so fast .
POS	rated r - for language and mature themes .
POS	humor-wise , the film has a good number of jokes which maintained my interest throughout the film .
POS	on the contrary--according to groeteschele , that would lead to russia having * more * nuclear weapons than the u . s . , which would clearly put america at a disadvantage .
NEG	clark is so pre-occupied with his female ( predominantly ) leads that you forget , at times , what this movie is supposed to be about .
POS	when the offering is lost hopper is very upset and he vows to return shortly too retrieve double the amount of food .
POS	well , of course they think he wants them to score with her when actually he wants them to kill her .
NEG	the concept of even trying to land on a comet is preposterous enough , but that's forgiveable .
NEG	instead , he adds to the phoniness .
NEG	erotica ?
NEG	well , i ignored rules 3 & 4 last night , and sat through a film that should be in the golden turkey awards .
POS	faced with real danger , she drops her spoiled-rich-girl mannerisms and does a splendid job .
NEG	there isn't even any suspense that leads up to the deaths .
POS	after seeing luc besson's ambitious , much-shrouded-in-secrecy science fiction fantasy , i could not help but be let down by the actual answer , which is not nearly as exciting nor clever as one would think .
POS	he begins to see the hardships tibbs faces and he sees the foolishness of his own neighbors .
POS	a lot of hype has been surrounding this film due to the fact that it comes to us from the same team that brought us trainspotting .
NEG	each member of the family has a special trait and personality , and yet none of them seem like actual people .
NEG	this is the love letter's damning error .
NEG	at one point , mid-way through the movie , he runs forster and plummer off the road with his car .
POS	when the maid , dolores claiborne , is found brandishing a rolling pin standing over the bloody and dead body of her employer , it seems like an open-and-shut murder case .
POS	despite its seemingly heavy issues , it's not a tedious undertaking to watch this film .
NEG	from what i've heard , his original vision was something considerably more dark and daring , starting with the shane character : he was conceived ( and actually filmed ) as a wild , morally ambiguous bisexual , which would have made an efficient springboard to cover the pansexual pleasure palace aspect of studio 54's legend .
NEG	and he shoots jasmine guy in the head .
NEG	so . . .
POS	however , in the spirit of " return to me , " it won't do to be too picky about how " old " hollywood tells its stories .
POS	and he's in the acerbic " your friends & neighbors , " playing a talkative , sexually-frustrated drama coach called jerri .
POS	the soundtrack--an ever-present force in the film--is packed with wall-to-wall hits of the period , new wave upon new wave of songs from billy idol's " white wedding " to the smiths' " how soon is now ? "
POS	quaid and caviezel carry off their parts easily ; it's a rock-solid job from both actors .
NEG	maybe someone should ask him if he's familiar with oedipus .
POS	mulan is the story of a fiesty , head-strong young woman who , unlike other disney heroines , isn't seeking her prince charming ,
NEG	also , when the lawyer reveals himself to be a part of the whole thing , his main goal is to get the film back .
POS	i can't decide if i first thought it because i watched a lot of tv or because my brother hit me in the head with a baseball bat , but i'm pretty sure andrew niccol , screenwriter for the truman show , has had the same curious thought .
POS	the ongoing saga of data's emotion chip ) , and a fleeting star trek : voyager crossover will make trekkers squeal with delight , but such points are made easily accessible to those less familiar to the trek mythos .
NEG	where's joblo coming from ?
POS	but it owes everything to british actress tilda swinton .
NEG	only the space crew are given any depth , jenny lerner , leo and the president are surprisingly 2d , and we never get to know these characters .
POS	warning : major spoilers follow !
NEG	after a while , their conversations just become a barrage of frustrated anger tinged with indecency and overworked premises that end up drawing energy away from any type of empathy one might feel for the central themes of the story .
NEG	but , no matter how shiny the superficial sheen is , this is still trash , and , like all garbage , it stinks .
NEG	wait , maybe the only big laughs . . .
POS	as with most coen brothers films , this features outlandish characters in nefarious schemes , each of which works out in the oddest way possible .
NEG	" starship troopers , " loosely based on the robert heinlein novel , is the story of an interstellar war between humans and giant insects .
NEG	the bugs hail from klendathu and colonize planets by hurling their spores into space .
POS	ewan mcgregor springs to mind who , after successful turns in " emma " and " brassed off , " received greater respect and admiration for his mind-blowing realization as renton in danny boyle's transatlantic junk-fest , " trainspotting . "
POS	the loquacious ordell , based out of a hermosa beach house where his horny , bong-hitting surfer girl melanie ( bridget fonda ) and agreeable crony louis gara ( robert de niro ) hang out , operates under the policy that the best rat is a dead rat , and he's soon out to silence jackie brown .
NEG	you'd think that " spice world " would envoke one of two reactions in people .
NEG	in actuality , he's fleeing from thousands of angry brides who want to marry him and inherit his fortune ( it's one of the few enjoyable sequences in the film ) .
NEG	coach bud kilmer ( jon voight ) has been around so long there is actually a bronze statue commemorating him .
NEG	in the early to mid 1400's , there was little in the way of spiritual light to be found shining from the heart of a man or woman .
POS	they go to a castle to try to use the phone .
NEG	" batman and robin " is 126 minutes of lavish sets , flashy costumes and big , confusing fight scenes with barely a hint of substance .
POS	all great things come to an end , and the dot-com era embodies that perfectly .
POS	why ?
NEG	which works out fine since the character is killed in a near-riot , and rudy ( who was to be paroled on the same day as nick ) takes his place , which leads to a sudden and very frenzied sex scene between ashley and rudy ( so frenzied it kinda looks like rape ) and a surprise visit from ashley's brother , gabriel ( gary sinise ) , who waltzes into their shabby hotel room flanked by his thuggish co-horts .
POS	quality action with amazing and exciting stunt work , as in 1999's the matrix , can be a real gem .
NEG	if warner bros . had gotten him , the movie would've possibly been five times better than what it is .
POS	however , biehn does a good job , making it seem original again .
NEG	i highly recommend seeing it for that purpose .
POS	it's a true nineties product that runs like greased lightning through a maze of cell phones and laptop computers , without looking back .
POS	what is great is the themes that are given to us .
POS	han solo , played by harrison ford , and his sidekick chewbacca , played by peter mayhew , are consulted about providing a ship to complete the tasks necessary .
POS	you don't get to know the characters very deeply , but i think that's because nobody in the movie knows each other either .
POS	hilarious , ultra-low budget comedy from film school dropout kevin smith chronicles a day in the life of two convenience store slackers ( brian o'halloran and jeff anderson ) .
NEG	what's more scary than the cruelty of the satanic film itself is the fact that writer/director victor salva is a convicted child molester who videotaped himself having oral sex with a 12 year-old actor in california .
NEG	the leader , of course , is a big creature .
POS	since debuting with clerks , smith has grown as a director , particularly in terms of working with actors .
POS	this is a film on which i expect to be in a minority .
POS	it's ironic that the best films in cinema history are invariably the original director's cut of the film .
NEG	it's remarkably bad timing , i'd say , to release a film this tedious after a couple of noteworthy pictures of the same kind .
NEG	easily the hammiest performance in the movie , it's hard to imagine how sheen mucked up his role so much ; after all , he played a vietnam assasin brilliantly in the great apocalypse now .
NEG	couldn't she just go to _the gap_ and take suggestions ?
NEG	with lady jane following close behind , he returns to the jungle where he was born .
POS	he is an overbearingly misogynistic and frequent drunk who rules with an iron fist .
NEG	after the fine first scene , the movie degenerates into a monotonous series of those annoying you-thought-it-was-the-killer-but-was-just- someone-else scares .
NEG	as is , however , the story and screenplay is a mess , filled with dead laughs , enough racist and sex jokes to make even will cringe as he's performing them , and a complete lack of chemistry that made the tv show work so well .
NEG	stallone has the personality of a slab of stone .
NEG	of course this is all established through extremely melodramatic scenes such as the children and parents arguing and bickering among themselves and with each other , while the necessary problems are " resolved " at the right moments .
NEG	joe bellows at the poachers before him , angry that they would like to kill him and sell him for millions of dollars .
POS	very soon after he does so , he is abducted and tortured by a sinister man who refers to himself as dr . jonas ( patrick stewart ) .
POS	what he doesn't realize is that the movie house is showing two films : the forster adaptation and a teen exploitation flick called hotpants college ii .
POS	these were superfluous and a waste of money .
NEG	the film opens with a woman ( played by laura harring ) about to be killed in a car when a car crash saves her life .
POS	armed with charisma and an attractive anti-corporate philosophy , tyler assumes leadership of the burgeoning membership of white-collar slaves and dead-end mcemployees .
POS	action fans want to know that the weapons and methods their heroes are using are authentic , and suspense fans want everything to fall into an explainable framework by the movie's end .
POS	one disappointing aspect , though , are the special effects .
POS	with the abundance of trite , recycled movies in the late '90s , there is a tremendous demand by movie lovers ( never mind movie critics ) for movies that present the wide film audience with something truly original : perhaps audaciously , perhaps purely thematically .
POS	well you know what i mean ) .
NEG	the acting is so pitiful and the script so dull , i may have to rethink some of my opinions on how talented these actors actually are .
NEG	peter butterworth is not allowed to shine in his boring performance as tom , and bernard bresslaw's character appears only briefly in the film .
POS	the performances by the three leads are abrasive at first , self-consciously " quirky " ; the introductory scenes are a chore .
POS	directed by tim burton .
NEG	i could drone on about how america's sweethearts will only appeal to the mouth-breathing morons who talk on their cell phones during the movies , but that would get old .
NEG	you've been nice enough to limit us to only one doors movie , and films like platoon , jfk , wall street and nixon give us plenty to dig on .
POS	there's nothing dazzlingly new in mrs .
NEG	lost in space just has too many shortcomings to ever be considered a work of cinematic art , with numerous contradictions ( the time travel aspect was horribly flawed ! ) , wooden and corny acting , worse dialogue , and an ending so disappointing , you'd be happier to have seen the entire robinson family get blown to smithereens .
NEG	it rumbles , hums and belches forth remarkable sights .
POS	urban legend surprised me .
NEG	or perhaps it will encourage him to spend more time perfecting a script than to worry about his directing duties .
POS	there is no significantly big number , which is customary as the second or third song in a disney film , but this does not detract significantly from the rest of the movie .
POS	the ridley scott's alien was very much a stylistic suspense film .
POS	they are all haunted by hallucinations and horrible nightmares and soon they can not see the difference between dreams and reality .
POS	the audience is tossed about the theatre witnessing the horror of war .
NEG	this entire movie is one bad ill-conceived notion that should have been curtailed from the very beginning !
NEG	there is another plot or two that is introduced , but never gets revisited .
NEG	there's the ambiguous cop ( kevin bacon , who also executive produced ) who sniffs something iffy in this concoction of deceit , murder and lust .
POS	this is a long welcome reunion .
POS	the release of dolores claiborne into wide release this weekend adds another entry into the long list of film adaptations of stephen king's work .
NEG	i think the problem is he didn't quite know how to approach this material .
POS	heck , jackie doesn't even have enough money for a haircut , looks like , much less a personal hairstylist .
POS	as a combination of clever sociological study , black humour and innovative filmmaking goodfellas became something only the truly great films could do - work of art and excellent popular entertainment in the same time .
POS	after a crazy series of events at the local country gas station , they are able to plug in and play existenz .
POS	because qui-gon never gets a chance to train the young anakin in the ways of the force , obi-wan , qui-gon's young padawan apprentice ( one level below knightdom ) , must take over the training himself .
POS	in order for you to buy into gridlock'd at all , you have to accept it as a surreal odyssey rather than as urban realism ; unless spoon and stretch sleep through an entire day at the hospital after bringing in cookie , they are going to government offices on new year's day , in which case they should be thankful they get any help at all .
POS	" drunken master " 's storyline is very similar to that of other early jackie chan movies , such as " fearless hyena " i and ii and " master with cracked fingers " --slacker martial arts student is taught the martial arts by a harsh-seeming master , and has a big fight with an evil bad guy in the end ( a formula that has been " adapted , " to put it kindly , by american films such as karate kid ) .
NEG	matthau , whose magnificently rumpled face looks like a big pile of laundry with eyes , has a field day as oscar , the crown prince of the curmudgeons .
POS	his initial reaction to hearing about his girlfriend's suicide is one of the most affecting scenes i have ever seen in a film .
NEG	the plot has something to do with a coven of witches needing sperm to bring back a godess who is ( gasp ! )
NEG	why is it that godzilla topples some buildings by merely brushing against them , but is conveniently able to leap atop others ?
NEG	she and her friends make a demo tape of interviews with the women of miami .
POS	hell yes !
NEG	in aberdeen , rampling is a luminous diva , preening and static in her hospital bed .
POS	osnard arrives in the tropics virtually oozing contempt for his new co-workers and his new home base .
NEG	well , i don't know about the " terror " part , but " infinite " certainly seems to qualify . . .
POS	ultimately , the surgery is a success , but problems arise since virgil cannot relate to what he sees , since he has never visually seen anything before , only touched objects .
NEG	bad flicks for the rest of the year are safe ; i've already got my pick for worst film of '99 .
POS	it's a welcome change to the dramatic genre , and one that everyone should see .
POS	instead , they are solid , moving segments that were probably cut from the film only for length .
NEG	but when you put him in front of a camera , it just isn't the same .
NEG	this feature is like a double header , two sets of clich ? s for the price of one .
POS	2001 : a space odyssey is probably a better film , but it really only qualifies as science fiction if you consider metaphysics to be a science .
NEG	if it were your child , you'd be reading military school catalogs .
NEG	not only is credulity stretched but abigail's obsession is unfortunately spotlighted .
POS	in other words , he's almost in two places at once .
POS	not that this technique hasn't been used in movies and in real-life situations countless times throughout history .
POS	what makes the first hour of truman so enjoyable to watch is the magical verisimilitude painstakingly constructed by niccol and weir .
POS	although camelot was borderline-abysmal , and can't really be considered a shot at the title , mulan had the makings of winner .
NEG	if anyone ever questions the difference between sex and rape , show them this chilling scene .
POS	? " spice world " certainly isn't a great filmgoing experience .
NEG	i don't even watch television now .
POS	the best view . . . the
NEG	deuce bigalow ( rob schneider ) cleans fish tanks .
NEG	before he tries again to make us believe he is a dangerous man he should practise for a while in front of a mirror .
POS	bruce willis plays child psychologist malcolm crowe .
NEG	there's very little talent evident with him , it's hard to see why lucas chose him when there are better child actors out there .
POS	part of me would love to see an adaptation of 'the lord of the rings , ' but , on the other hand , i know that any filmmaker's recreation of ents , hobbits , and balrogs is inevitably going to be really lame compared to what i picture in my mind .
POS	there's a hilarious locker room scene where they debate whether decapitated heads can talk , and what they would say .
NEG	ho ho ho .
POS	yes , he does rebel , but he's also polite when he needs to be .
POS	i prefer to just enjoy the spectacle .
POS	i know what i would do with $4 . 4 million if i found it in a previously undiscovered airplane crash site , especially if i were with jacob and lou .
NEG	it wasn't until hanks' wife rita wilson saw the audition tape , and decided he was cute , that hanks decided to risk hiring scott .
NEG	there are times when his presence actually saves the film from being completely embarrassing .
POS	new to the team is chris rock , also a fast-talking , up and coming detective .
POS	earlier scenes that might have felt like throwaways take on more resonance , and that bitter taste sweetens into something fresh and genuine .
POS	when the first stiff turns up , copper peter godley ( robbie coltrane , the world is not enough ) calls in inspector frederick abberline ( johnny depp , blow ) to crack the case .
NEG	are filmmakers so bankrupt of ingenuity and ideas that they must always have a timer ticking away during the climax ?
NEG	but i will forgive everyone involved and i especially look forward to quentin's next directing job ( even though he and rodriguez jumped back to the top immeadiately with the cool " from dusk till dawn , " which i found exhilerating ) .
NEG	still , the core of the story maintains the flatness of a still pond .
NEG	it's a wonder they ever worked in hollywood again after appearing in this turkey .
NEG	extended review : you know , about halfway through this movie , i realized that if you hacked out everything except the fight scenes , you'd have a damn fine 35 minutes or so of flashy , hong kong style martial arts .
NEG	" desperate measures " is a generic title for a film that's beyond generic .
POS	the three mentioned above were at the premiere in the flesh , with the director eugene brady .
POS	my .
NEG	connery , however , seems the most out of it , totally lacking any kind of focus , or interest , for that matter .
POS	the end credit song , `we run tings' , by the group red dragon , is pretty decent and carries on the theme of the movie established early on by the quote that opens this review .
NEG	ladies and gentlemen , that is the movie .
POS	kevin spacey turns in one of this years most pragmatic performances .
NEG	there are so many scenes that just don't work , it's difficult to begin .
NEG	depending on who you ask , the original sin was either the eating of the apple , the act of disobedience against god , or the act of betrayal .
NEG	it was the second outing for the lemmon/matthau team ( which debuted in 1966's " the fortune cookie " ) , and they made a couple more worthwhile comedies , " the front page " ( 1974 ) and " buddy buddy " ( 1981 ) , before going their separate ways .
POS	the film isn't only around to deliver heavy-handed messages , though .
POS	there's mckellar , who plays a man who just wants to be alone when the moment occurs , but keeps getting interrupted by a woman ( sandra oh ) in search of her husband .
POS	the sole purpose of mr . nice guy's existence are chan's comic fight scenes , and those here do not disappoint .
POS	as she does so , you can see her reflection in the polished metal .
NEG	the next element in the film is the part when things go awry .
NEG	" patch " is a good title for the film .
POS	the plot detailing the last year in the life of a man as he tries to find his own self worth is so resoundingly cliched and at the same time original as to bring to mind such marvelous film work as " the graduate " or " lolita " .
POS	daniel auteuil ( " the widow of saint-pierre " ) is delightful - particularly with a blown-up condom perched on his head , riding on a float in a gay pride parade - and gerard depardieu delivers one of his most restrained , and effective , performances .
POS	while this may sound straight forward it's not .
POS	lasting but a few seconds at most , it's been the signature of nearly every disney animated feature since beauty and the beast , in which the castle ballroom chandelier was rendered in stunning detail .
NEG	every single shift in character interaction happens extremely suddenly , which is only one of the many obvious clues to how much this film has been cut .
POS	many people have criticized fincher's filming of the death scene of ripley ( i reveal nothing by saying this ) as looking too fake , but i enjoy and relish in the portrayal .
POS	zemeckis and his team of screen writers have done a remarkable job in telling this tale through film .
POS	a bit less action and a little more character development would have been nice , but he does provide enough quiet moments for viewers to become fully invested in the family .
NEG	unfortunately , with so much going on , you're not given enough time in one predicament to be as effectively shocked when a new twist comes about .
NEG	structurally unsound and way too long , " holy man " is appealing when murphy is onscreen and dull when he isn't .
NEG	the high school comedy seems to be a hot genre of the moment .
NEG	hopeful still ?
NEG	nothing could be further from the truth .
POS	a strong point which propelled the movie is the depth of its main characters played by foster and mcconaughey .
NEG	i have rated this film fairly low .
POS	his wife can't cook chinese .
POS	fang's family is thoroughly americanized .
NEG	capsule review : this is what feel-good family entertainment has morphed into in the 90's : an hour-and-a-half commercial , disguised as an unnecessary remake , in which the defining image is that of a grown man launching a volume of green protoplasmic goo out of his ass .
NEG	there's claire ( gail o'grady ) whose narcolepsy causes her to fall asleep every few minutes .
POS	normally , this would hamper a movie to the point of being unenjoyable .
NEG	mr . freeze ultimately teams with poison ivy and they want to freeze the world and then take it over growing new plants as their population ( don't ask ! ! ! ) .
POS	in addition , there were a couple of other enthusiasts , such as chicago-sun times and the washington post ( you should read their reviews ; they're really positive ) .
POS	though the film compliments the book extraordinarily well , it falls short in allowing the sort of accessibility one usually expects from a film .
POS	his suspicions are confirmed when the ghost of his father appears and relates the story of his murder at his own brother's hands .
POS	shrek reluctantly agrees and sets off on his quest , accompanied by a motor-mouthed donkey ( eddie murphy ) determined to make the green grump his best friend .
NEG	the fact that he is autistic does nothing for the emotional intensity or the plot necessities of " mercury rising . "
NEG	shouldn't " tomb raider " be , at the very least , fun and exciting ?
POS	experiencing it is a process which engages all of the senses , fulfilling each one on its own terms and weaving them so that the total is a pleasure that is more than the sum of its parts .
POS	she is radiantly beautiful and totally persuasive in a multifaceted role .
NEG	but don't expect an exercise in sleuthing where well-placed clues lead carter to the truth .
POS	indeed , the movie is often outrageously exciting , as well as bitterly ironic and subtly serious .
NEG	if you've worked yourself silly for months , relax a bit .
NEG	dignity ?
NEG	things get off to a rocky start when tim makes an awkward pass , and they get even worse when the pair arrives at a swanky restaurant to enjoy a " quiet " dinner .
NEG	either one could effectively end the movie at any time by simply revealing what she knows .
POS	now , she poses as much a threat to the safety and security of town bully francie and his best pal joe ( alan boyle ) as the looming commie menace ( " the butcher boy " is set at a time when the fear of nuclear obliteration is first and foremost in the minds of many ) .
POS	it is not surprising that tim harvey and alexandra byrne were nominated for best art direction and best costume design oscars , respectively .
NEG	ironically , that couldn't be truer here .
POS	otter is the ladies' man , going out with another girl every night , and boon is the comedian .
POS	soon ( and predictably ) it becomes pretty clear that glenn is a jerk , and that robby and julia really love each other .
POS	the movie also borrows from the universal monster movies of the 1930s .
NEG	not much makes sense .
POS	bobby's world revolves around his friends , especially the spritely carol ( boorem ) .
NEG	( judging by the costuming at the end of the movie , the main accomplishment of this brave new world is in re-inventing polyester . )
NEG	part 3 was originally shown in theaters in 3-d , and from what i can tell from the video , it looks as though they may have been fairly decent effects .
POS	i can honestly say that this is one of the best movies i have ever seen .
POS	the script is unlike any i have ever seen -- a notable achievement in these days of recycled hollywood homogeneity .
NEG	billy crystal plays sam cayman , an agent who , at the beginning of the film , is in romania .
NEG	kevin bacon ) is familiar with .
POS	to see a disaster film with actual originality , or at least a decent plot twist , would definitely be a welcome surprise .
NEG	whew .
POS	overall , i gave it , or an , depending on what system you use .
NEG	this might be acceptable if director levinson generated some legitimate tension , but , instead , he relies on loud , overbearing music , strange camera angles , and quick cuts to make things " exciting . "
POS	for those of us who weren't yet born when the 1960's rock 'n' rolled around , monterey pop affords an affectionate glimpse of the music that influenced our parents to be hippies .
NEG	this is one of the worst love stories i have ever seen on screen , even worse than the one in pearl harbor .
POS	they have great fun trying to out scoop each other to solve one case throughout this movie .
POS	the groom-to-be is kyle fisher ( jon favreau ) , who is about to be married to the controlling , wedding-obsessed laura ( cameron diaz ) .
NEG	director brian robbins previously helmed the kids feature good burger ( from nickelodeon films , a sister company of mtv ) and changes directions here a bit but still fails to make much of an impression .
NEG	coburn plays a former nemesis of the hawk who again comes into play , and he looks unsure of his place the entire movie .
NEG	please guys , go back to england and go back to television so you'll make me laugh again .
POS	a very good cast ( which also includes bill paxton and william hope ) highlights this action film , making it stand out from others .
NEG	ugh , just another small thing that annoyed me about this trash .
POS	quiet and well spoken , he burns an image into the viewer .
POS	many of which he was unaware needed to be asked .
POS	the ice storm is a character piece that explores a dismal time both in america , and in the individual lives portrayed in the movie .
NEG	do filmmakers really believe that " normal " courtroom drama doesn't fit the bill and they have to juice them up ?
NEG	and what the heck does that title mean ?
NEG	men in black has defied the odds .
POS	katie holmes plays hannah , a beautiful , talented writing student just itching to get in grady's pants .
NEG	supposedly this clich ? isn't meant to be humorous .
POS	however , the odds of him getting together with her are about the same as a snowball's chance in hell .
POS	this action would not have been realistic at all since it is nearly impossible for someone to believe something one day and believe something else the next day .
NEG	nothing works until the duo come up with a plan - kidnap judith and get darren back together with the girl he called his one and only , pretty sandy perkus ( amanda detmer ) .
NEG	okay ?
POS	the x-files is what a summer should be .
NEG	cgi water is used , and it looks so bad that i heard more laughs from the audience than shrieks .
NEG	little known facts about this film and its stars : jerry springer used to be the mayor of cincinnati , ohio .
NEG	so ask yourself what " 8mm " ( " eight millimeter " ) is really all about .
POS	it's akin to one of those bedtime stories your father told that had you hanging on his every word , but it's not the story that sets the film above others of its kind , but rather the elements that go into the story , namely real characters and thoughtful dialogue , which " the iron giant " has in spades .
NEG	you can't really blame van damme .
POS	the stories are largely satisfying , although occasionally there's too much attention on one detail but not on another .
NEG	critique : if you're not a fan of movies packed with plot holes , inconsistencies and yes , even more plot holes , heed my words and skip this hollow thriller .
NEG	they both start off with interesting premises , only to toss all logic and sense out the window about halfway through .
NEG	the story of a single woman with child who works at a fast food joint ( but dreams of becoming a country singer ) .
NEG	science and philosophy , which are used to good effect during sphere's first hour , give way to mindless , confusing action sequences .
NEG	only in the movies' .
NEG	it's all predictable without any original humor to redeem it .
POS	a checkpoint beautiful kind of thing , and janeane garafolo's character abby relates to it well .
NEG	some action films have action sequences that are so conventional , our attention is detracted and diverted by other thoughts .
POS	but the story in resurrection is more of an afterthought .
POS	there's also something about this industry that pushes bankable stars like stiller into doing drug-addiction pictures the minute they've proved themselves commercially .
POS	this makes the final , against-all- odds showdown seem like just that .
NEG	like most of the anime i've seen , the plot combines apocalyptic settings , lots of shooting and fuzzy spirituality , all wrapped up in a save-the-earth bow .
POS	the film stars matt damon as will hunting as a mathematical , rebellious whiz kid inadvertly discovered by a college professor ( stellan skarsgard ) , who places him under psychological supervision with robin williams .
NEG	ok , that's odd , i think to myself , this could be interesting .
NEG	i think since he is getting a little older he is held back a lot of his stunts .
NEG	still not funny ?
POS	contact given in the program guide : " print source : irish dream source , inc . , tel : ( 310 ) 449-3411 "
POS	among my fanatical ticker tape-worshipping friends , there's one who happens to share the same philosophy espoused by the central character in darren aronofsky's darkly original pi : the entire stock market can be reduced to nothing but a series of patterns which , through analysis , will produce information to accurately forecast future behaviour .
NEG	while good comedies like rushmore , to choose a recent example , gets limited release and doesn't make a lot of money , big daddy got a huge release and has made a lot of cash .
POS	unlike the list posted in the cider house , god's rules , if followed , promise us benefits beyond our imagination .
POS	vincent freeman ( ethan hawke ) is one such person , born not too long before the genetic process was perfected and forced to grow up in a home with his petrie dish-molded younger brother anton .
POS	is this one worth watching as well ?
POS	paul reiser may seem like an odd choice to play the sleazy corporate director , but reiser manages to pull it off quite well ( however , i still see him as paul on tv's " mad about you " ) .
NEG	-- is one of those endings where you can almost see the exact * frame * where one of the five or six various endings to this mess was spliced in .
NEG	he blows that chance when he invents " flubber " ( flying rubber ) and is so excited by his discovery that sara jean is once again awaiting him in her white dress .
POS	when commodus reopens the coliseum , proximo brings his troupe of warriors to rome to compete .
POS	de sade's craft and life are threatened when the emperor dispatches dr royer-collard ( michael caine ) to stop the marquis' work , permanently .
NEG	the ending , as it turns out , is not entirely a happy one and is one of the film's finer moments .
POS	he rides a beautiful black steed and carries an imposing sword that cauterizes the wound of his victims with an immediate swipe .
POS	nevertheless it's worth-seeing .
NEG	the 113 minutes fly by , and although it never feels underdeveloped , this pretzel of storytelling could've been much more richly realized had a slower pace been taken .
NEG	u-turn is not a bad film if you're a fan of technique .
NEG	creature from outer space ? ) , but it does have to give the audience something to hang their disbelief on .
NEG	ho , ho , ho , boy likes girl !
POS	set in the wild west , this carry on centres around the arrival of the rumpo kid ( sidney james ) and his cronies in stodge city .
NEG	i haven't felt such an urge to reach out and hold the camera still since " armageddon . "
NEG	however , social worker mr brooks ( mostel ) finds out that koufax isn't the real father and wants to take julian back .
POS	matt damon stars as mike mcdermott , a 20-something law student in present-day new york city who tells us how the game of poker is really played .
POS	a cop , impaired by drink due to his wife's philandering , trains his gun on the man's nether regions , threatening to shoot .
NEG	the hughes brothers used as their pimp role models , the feather-hatted , fur-coated , diamond ring-wearing , gold chain wearing , flashy cadillac-cruising pimp of the late '70s blaxploitation movies--like the mack and willie dynamite .
POS	first , the two must find princess leia and serve her .
NEG	it is a patchwork of every manipulative scene you can think of .
NEG	neither amusing or spontaneous , when the spice girls are between songs they are deadly boring .
NEG	don't get me wrong - keeble , which is actually only a " ment " away from being a fetish film , isn't that entertaining .
NEG	however , a routine lie detector test turns against the investigators , as the crafty wayland somehow turns the tables .
NEG	enter charlie ( edward burns ) , claudia's old flame .
NEG	multiply that running time by three however , and the laughs steadily decrease .
POS	do you know in pulp fiction where jules and vincent go on brain detail after marvin and his head accidentally get separated ?
NEG	silly , silly folks .
POS	fallen's plot is brimming with potential , not all of which is realized .
POS	trouble is , murnau's monster is pale-faced , bald , pointy-eared , and non-goateed , and there isn't a single sexy , writhing woman to be found in his movie .
POS	as the story and screen writer , he came up first with a good structure , then with good dialogue to back it up ( jeremy pikser co-wrote the screenplay ) .
NEG	between script references to their business and shots of signs and stickers bearing their company name , i couldn't keep count of all the plugs .
NEG	two of the actresses from sorority house massacre 2 are in this film , robyn harris and melissa moore , but they play different characters here .
NEG	one is letting an ambitious actor convert one of his or her favorite novels into a feature film .
POS	the mix of music and fashion would make " the wedding singer " a great double feature with " boogie nights . "
POS	from its opening scenes when the camera gracefully panes over the bloody-red forest , with carter burwell's ( " being john malkovich " and " fargo " ) musical score in the background , you realize that with the exception of its title , this film has absolutely nothing to do with " the blair witch project " .
POS	they all come from the same stem and as the flower begins to develop they grow farther and farther apart .
NEG	rob schneider is also funny as a crazy delivery man .
POS	it's a delicate performance with a huge heart .
NEG	they should have brought him along for the entire film .
NEG	there's a base of humor .
POS	this makes jordan's accomplishment here seem mighty impressive to me : he imbues the company of wolves with a genuine sense of magic and mystery .
NEG	an irish women , dierdre ( played by the truman show's natascha mcelhone ) , hires a group of mercenaries to assist her in getting the briefcase .
POS	aloise's farm is burned down , and nello is wrongfully accused ( by the landord of his cottage ) for starting the fire in order to take revenge on being forbidden to see aloise .
POS	as the film progresses , it becomes apparent that walker is more concerned with the mystery of the murders than the murders themselves .
POS	good will hunting is the touchy-feely enterprise its plot synopsis suggests , but to simply dismiss it as that would be to discount the true emotional chords affleck and damon's intelligent script touches .
NEG	the whole thriller aspect of the movie is a shill .
NEG	it could have explored the changed friendships after a year of adulthood , but seemed to only include that aspect to add 15 more minutes to the film .
NEG	aside from myers' performance , 54 is a complete failure .
POS	sharon stone as bala shows off some of her comic ability , though for the most part , stone works best as a dramatic actress .
NEG	the effects are truly impressive and the house is wonderfully decorated -- beautiful , mysterious , magical and spooky .
NEG	no suspense occurs in the dream sequences either because every single one of them is obviously a dream sequence from its inception .
NEG	too bad it's not fun to watch when it's happening to us . . . while
POS	larry and tom are cousins , each of whom is not-so-happily-married .
POS	pulp fiction is definitely one of the best films of the decade , and possibly of all-time .
NEG	in the film , bean is constantly moaning , grunting , whining , etc . it's annoying , and just plain wrong for the character .
NEG	it just makes the movie even more ridiculous and even more boring : we don't only have aliens to worry about , but now we have jones's conscience .
NEG	by that time , however , the audience is so tired of the inane characters that no one truthfully cares what happens to any of them .
NEG	even that aspect of the film fails , throwing in a convenient , ridiculous and unsatisfying wrap to things .
NEG	a sentimental moment in an alien movie ?
POS	whatever human emotions the clash , aretha franklin , and bruce springsteen records hold , rob and co .
NEG	elena harring and particularly naomi watts are gifted actresses , effectively making the subtle switch .
POS	but at least it's a break from the naive heroes that brendan fraser has been playing a lot of .
NEG	" the ghost in the darkness , " which opened a few months ago , is a film that s action was so bland and uninvolving , it not only invited my thoughts to divert me , it nearly put me asleep .
NEG	his major stylistic failing is that he can't seem to direct an action scene , and the quick , nonsensical cutting that ensues is reminiscent of a low budget kung fu movie .
POS	sylvester stallone ( teamed up with stone once again ) is beginning to solidify his statement that he wants to be an actor , not a typecast action star .
NEG	in his attempts to find someone who may have been responsible for the accident , holm interviews the grieving parents , as well as the sole surviving passenger , a teenage girl , which starts to remind him of his own teenage daughter , a young drug-addict who has run away from home .
NEG	ugh , i give up .
NEG	this was as wrong as you can get without going to jail .
POS	anchoring the whole film is the astonishing debut performance of owens ; love francie or hate him , you cannot take your eyes off of owens .
NEG	1 ) we never see how cesar ( antonio banderas ) and vince ( woody harrelson ) meet .
POS	john is able to give his father information that prevents his death in a warehouse fire , but by doing so causes other changes .
POS	you've seen this moment before , recently : a particularly troubled character senses danger of the paranormal kind when the room temperature inexplicably plummets to below freezing .
POS	finally , he is spiteful and vindictive .
POS	the tv audience is almost a fourth main character , always at the center of the decisions being made on their behalf .
POS	but it's what happens to the unexpecting characters left behind in the romantic wake after john and sara find happiness this is the most unsettling part of the picture .
POS	the actors struggle as best they can to flesh out broad-stroked and flat characters .
NEG	we're so used to child actors whose dramatic choices are broad and obvious ( calling haley joel ! ) , it's surprising to see one who actually listens throughout any given scene .
NEG	and through the whole thing there's quaid , playing with the most intense monotony this side of steven sea- gal .
POS	once they're all there and settled in , the party begins , and as custom , the eldest son has to make a speech to his dad , so christian stands up , at the head of the table , and reveals the film's punchline : his father raped all his children at a young age .
POS	it's very familar , your typical horror film .
NEG	ritchie gets shunned by his group of friends because he has started to become more and more " eccentric , " and has degenerated to the point of dancing in gay night clubs and making porno films with his girlfriend .
NEG	the movie proves to be a new low point for banderas , who's acting seems closer to that of his role as the lover and caretaker for a dying gay man in 1993's philadelphia , than that of a warrior .
POS	he's arrogant but completely likeable in his utter arrogance .
POS	i say " surprisingly " because there are so many ways this film could have gone wrong .
NEG	same goes for she's all that , a formulaic but enjoyable pygmalion adaptation that got unjustly pounded .
NEG	and jake lloyd looks at everyone with hateful eyes and delivers his lines in a bored voice .
NEG	like in 1998s " bulworth " , when the movie was over i didn't care one little iota about the main character .
NEG	the solitary car chase might have been a highlight , but the " action " is interrupted on a frequent basis by a redneck sheriff ( j . w .
POS	lucky for me i manufactured her drug of choice " .
POS	in brief : best bleak comedy film since heathers .
POS	this movie begins out innocently enough- a couple get engaged at a friend's wedding and get a flat tire in the middle of the night while it's raining .
POS	stephen dillane is wonderful as henderson .
NEG	while the special effects are pleasing to the eye , they are nothing you couldn't find in most modern sci-fi films .
NEG	steal big , steal little =======================
POS	she+s quirky , she+s elderly , she+s caring .
POS	this description might make " lost highway " sound like a giddy exercise in haywire surrealism , but in fact , while there are traces of lynch's weird sense of humor , this film is anything but giddy most of the time .
POS	i'm not even really paying attention anymore . )
POS	the music is completely electronic-synthesized , which fits the low budget but isn't really out of keeping with the genre .
NEG	you know , the average porn star .
NEG	as you should know , this summer has been less than memorable .
NEG	overall rating= review by david wilcock web space provided by geocities
NEG	no , but i expected something .
POS	the film holds many of the better elements of spielberg's film , such as the ability to be sentimental without turning sappy .
NEG	i didn't agree with that assessment , but i could see what was being implied : the reviewer felt as if the audience was being incited to stand up and pump their fists and shout " do 'er , man , do 'er ! "
NEG	then there's mini-me ( verne troyer ) , a . . .
NEG	he , reading the letter himself , assumes that she wrote it for him .
POS	however , i think most kids , especially boys , would be pretty bored by this move .
NEG	to be fair , though , the lack of story background is the least of the movie's problems .
NEG	* * * * amazing , potent stuff .
NEG	the movie is a big disappointment , and yet it's somewhat easy to see what motivated such big names to attach themselves to it -- the premise is both promising and intriguing .
POS	certainly those expecting a conventional hollywood resolution to the story will walk away disappointed .
POS	like the other musical released in '96 ( woody allen's " everyone says i love you " ) , it's a reminder that the hollywood musical may be dead , but it can come back every now and then for a brief performance .
POS	it's always really nice to see a comedy that isn't all slapstick and vulgarity , and this film is one of the better ones of the better ones !
NEG	mad magazine called it a poiuyt .
POS	i even bought a laserdisc player from my uncle don for 100 bucks just to watch certain directors' cuts - including l ? on .
NEG	it's not like the man isn't capable . . .
POS	this picture is broadcast on cnn and is seen by a 101 year old woman named rose , who claims to be the girl in the picture .
POS	but i still don't know exactly how he did it .
POS	since " awakenings " was so very good , and made my top ten list the year it was released , " at first sight " is not quite as strong since it is not directed with as sure a hand as penny marshall , but is still an intelligent and vibrantly-acted drama .
NEG	silverstone's character , at the end of the movie , turns to her boyfriend and asks " what were you thinking ? "
POS	still , constantly nagging at the back of this viewers mind is several lumps in the narrative .
POS	despite a few good images , including a train collision and a very impressive explosion , none of this was very coherent .
NEG	so your first instinct has now been confirmed .
POS	not really , thanks to a simplistic ending and some slightly wasted moments with a character portrayed by chazz palminteri ( he's a comic actor , too , come on , give him some more ! ) , but it is an enjoyable romp that lets deniro do something different but same for a change , taking his dramatic act to a new field of comedy .
POS	in the silicon valley , it will be showing at the amc and the century theaters .
NEG	it never takes off .
POS	he claims that in a democracy you need choices , and having tracy run unopposed creates a dictatorship of sorts .
POS	one never quite knows what one is going to get with a mamet film .
NEG	same for holley ( save the penis part ) , who is likeable in down periscope just because she's so gorgeous .
NEG	he is easily the most irritating character in a james bond movie .
NEG	on the other hand , helen is a good girl .
POS	the music , as you would expect from a film of this subject matter , is critical .
POS	the film is directed by jerry zucker , who knows something about comedy .
NEG	incidentally , if you appreciated along came a spider , you will likely enjoy this film as well .
NEG	it's not , however , hard to see why it sat on the shelf for so long .
NEG	after an amusing early scene that has porter overhearing three bouts of lovemaking while in search of a nocturnal snack , the six supporting players are dropped except for an out-of-nowhere appearance by the formerly forgotten son .
NEG	it is not a very good achievement .
NEG	let's hope armageddon is a bit better .
POS	had rodriguez added a few more scenes like that , i would have enjoyed the film more ( and i definitely could have lived without the glaring product placement for a certain mc-ubiquitous company ) .
NEG	for the first time labute is working from a script he has not written , and he seems unsure of how to handle the material .
NEG	deadly beasts appear from nowhere .
POS	good and bad vibrations tangle like the conflicting desires and values of the message .
NEG	having written a paper for the bush administration on how to handle first contact , he is chosen to head up the team of scientists investigating the ship .
POS	at times he is showing to black and white showing flashbacks from nixon's youth and childhood .
POS	maximus is able to escape his executioners , but is later captured and sold as a slave to proximo ( oliver reed ) .
NEG	g suggests that we focus on enjoying the moment and that's the best way to do so .
POS	he likes her personality and professional demeanor and asks to meet her in person .
NEG	now , of course , we all know that the comet does impact the surface .
POS	of course , i soon realized that would be a little pathetic .
NEG	however , " mystery men " proved to be one of the great disappointments of 1999 .
NEG	hey , i have no problem suspending my disbelief in an action movie , but a line must be drawn somewhere .
NEG	coming from such a talented writer , director , and cast , not to mention one of the most interesting film composers , danny elfman , " a civil action " is an astoundingly empty-headed drama , one that includes an intriguing story and somehow transforms it into an admittedly tiresome and occasionally even boring experience .
NEG	these films usually show the audience a look into computers that really is not impossible and is usually ridiculous .
POS	it is the only scene in the movie in which there were tremendous dynamics between two characters .
POS	tobey maguire fits well in the role .
NEG	there wasn't a minute when i gave a horse's ass about any of it .
POS	when he gets the call to action , however , he quickly changes gears and becomes the man we expect him to be .
NEG	but the convoluted script eventually builds into a disaster that is impossible to bear .
NEG	there's a big name in the crowd , and that's the secretary of defense , charles kirkland ( joel fabiani ) , who's sitting behind rick , and who gets shot a second after the heavyweight champion , lincoln tyler ( stan shaw ) , is knocked out .
NEG	that's pretty much it on plot .
POS	sadly , grier too could have received a bit more attention , especially when the story is all about her newly-jarred perception of life .
POS	a guest asks impatiently .
POS	so what is it ?
NEG	but was this contest too good to be true ?
POS	she has a long time romantic relationship with a fellow hasidic yaakov .
NEG	yes , `the bachelor' is far more frustrating than cute .
POS	he leaves clues for gerard to show his innocence and to help him solve the mystery .
POS	this is a great atmospheric film due to the realistic noir mood it sets , of the hopeless situation the low-level criminals are in , and how they are forced to live with fear and the uncertainty of what horrible thing will happen next .
POS	burt reynolds is brilliant , julianne moore shows real emotion , and william h . macy is great aswell ( but he always is . )
POS	finally , kim dickens ( 2000's " hollow man " ) makes her usual strong impression as annie's spicy best friend , linda .
POS	the script , by co-stars matt damon and ben affleck , is not a groundbreaking piece of literature , and occasionally resorts to shameless manipulation .
POS	until april 14 , 2000 , the day the stock market took its first big dive , ending the internet era .
POS	who knew ? )
POS	it's a scary sight , watching bodies fall from great heights into the watery depths below .
POS	the directors ( " suture " ) have a firm grip on their material and cast .
NEG	it begins like a typical parable where a small-town boy makes it big , but then has to balance his sense of self against the allure of money , power , and greed .
NEG	janet jackson is the love interest who chooses the lovable sherman for a soul mate rather than excel at her career as a university professor ( and for the most ridiculous reasons ) .
POS	" toy story 2 " never grows stagnant , because there is always something new to hold your interest .
NEG	but its long overdue message of decriminalization for certain drugs is on target and allows the film to , at least , be viewed as containing a pertinent message .
NEG	other instances , though , i was howling in laughter due to the inane stupidity of the script .
NEG	indeed , somewhere in the beginning of instinct , one of the characters actually reads aloud the film's plot to another character .
NEG	the prison is a grim place , even as prisons go -- it's been built around the remnants of an abandoned steelworks , which provides no end of techno-gothic backdrops for the actors to be backlit against .
POS	it also helps open the viewer's eyes as to how annoying barry is .
NEG	besides this , the action is mediocre when compared to the standard action flicks of this day and age .
NEG	while in jail she finds out that her husband really is alive and that he framed the murder on her .
POS	i especially liked the expensive little touches , like spending tons of money on authentic titanic china only to break it all on the floor as the ship sinks .
NEG	because the script makes little attempt to properly develop them .
POS	sure , it's one hell of a downer , but it needs to be .
POS	horner has created a terrific score , receiving an oscar nomination for his work .
POS	the story concerns the ambitious suzanne stone and how she tackles the obstacles between her and her life long ambition of being 'on tv . '
POS	luckily , the film remains sensible enough to appeal to all ages , yet never seems to be a dumb carrey movie .
POS	anyway , the movie's just a boatload of fun .
POS	i think the first thing this reviewer should mention is wether or not i am a fan of the x-files .
NEG	after seeing the movie , i believe that the approaching horde could be something else .
POS	he and his `plump' friend dave ( addy ) as well as their former foreman gerald ( wilkinson ) have been sitting around the club for months without any `call for duty' .
POS	woody ( voiced by tom hanks ) is preparing to leave with his owner andy for cowboy camp .
POS	the script is spotless , every thing that happens happens for a purpose .
POS	but that's just my bag ; you may like the newer , more " modern " version better .
NEG	the inconsistencies of the cast , the confusing blur of the violent battle scenes , the inappropriate musical score , and the lack of a vibrant life force at the center of the film adds up to a largely disappointing end product which is oftentimes unintentionally laughable .
NEG	1521 ) .
NEG	in point of fact sandra's character is turned into little more than one of those scantly dressed extras from hercules , who constantly has to be rescued .
POS	kline seems only to improve with age , and he is downright perfect here .
POS	and just think , they managed to do it without sacrificing a single testicle .
NEG	i'd even go so far as to say that many folks who didn't know about the game probably enjoyed the movie .
POS	you might think with a movie from a tv show , you can change a few things .
NEG	it goes without saying that " desperate measures " needs an operation of its very own .
POS	rose's narration shows us how she was an unhappy young girl , engaged to a rich man named cal hockley ( billy zane ) that she didn't want to marry .
POS	i knew he was bizzare , but not to this extreme .
NEG	for some reason , this genre's films require a dead pet to be found by the victim stalked .
NEG	critics have been quick to fault the direction of mtv veteran tim pope , but his work isn't that bad per se .
NEG	each episode was like a chaplin silent movie .
POS	it's not long before he shreds all the therapists on lambeau's " a " list .
NEG	look at any schwarzenegger film , and you'll see our hero , bobby , as bobby has a mudhole stomped in his keister a dozen times , has his ribs stove in at least fifteen times , gets bit by a tarantula , gets shot at , and ends up with vultures circling overhead , all the while getting up like he just got a shaving nick .
NEG	i counted at least half a dozen times that blue-screening was painfully obvious .
NEG	the music is blaring , the floors moving , the ceiling morphing and the pictures on the walls screaming -- and all of this , every second , every moment of screen time , is absolutely without life .
NEG	overall critique :
POS	one wonders if he knew that his performance would become the object of ridicule through a character's narration .
NEG	the widow finds herself bankrupt and with no marketable skills to pay back her husband's enormous debts and prevent her from losing the house and becoming homeless .
NEG	the only beacon is matthew lillard's fun-loving billy brubaker , the team's catcher .
POS	? distributed by columbia pictures .
POS	and for the romantic lead , we don't get spacey sharon stone , but intelligent and hard-to-get julia-louis dreyfuss , who doesn't even come around until the very final frames .
NEG	they and best friends mona ( goldie hawn ) and griffin ( garry shandling ) are about to face marital crises in a film most well known for its torturous path to the screen , " town and country . "
POS	congratulations to george lucas , whose innovative mind entertains us now and will continue to entertain generations to come .
NEG	perhaps this movie would have played well as a black comedy , but the movie is a romantic comedy .
POS	director rob bowman has done a great job expanding the eerie feeling of the show to the big screen , making small adjustments and minor changes to utilize the possibilities that film allows over television .
POS	118 minutes ; not rated ( though i suspect it would be rated pg for adult themes and language )
POS	though intriguing on all fronts , the film is paced at half the speed of pulp fiction , which avary co-wrote with quentin tarantino .
NEG	it's not bad for what it is : low-budget science fiction concerning the psychological dangers of virtual reality .
NEG	marking the centennial anniversary of the 1896 h . g . wells classic , new line cinema , armed with a stellar cast and expert make-up effects man stan winston ( alien , predator , terminator etc ) churns out yet another hollywood film based on the classic novel .
NEG	and then pouring acid on the salt .
POS	good performances are turned in by all principal players in this film , especially by nicholson and hunt .
POS	the film even skewers people who write about movies on the internet .
NEG	it seemed to go for 15 minutes before the ship finally stopped .
NEG	this lack-of-speed problem affects many sequences .
POS	from the moment he appears we know a huge game of cat and mouse is about to occur .
NEG	am i enjoying myself ?
NEG	an american werewolf in paris is a failed attempt to recapture the humor and horror of john landis' 1981 feature , an american werewolf in london .
NEG	this is why i have given films like final destination or road trip high marks ; i had a party of a time wasting my money on something i won't remember next week .
NEG	now i've never seen seven chances , as i'm more of a chaplin fan than a keaton fan , but i seriously doubt that the classic version could be as insipid as this .
NEG	the more idiotic these characters get , the more reckless the script becomes .
NEG	last , but certainly not least , there was not one single moment in this movie that i could not predict would happen , nor did i laugh once either .
NEG	all i can say positively for the film at this point is that it's almost appropriate for all ages , if it wasn't for a couple of scenes where it appears as though mr . bean is having sex with things .
NEG	as long as she gets her way , martha is a perfectly amicable person , but when helen defies her , it's a declaration of war .
POS	not only did it set a standard for the special effects , it set a standard for film itself .
NEG	beautifully choreographed by robin shou , who also plays liu kang , the fight scenes are both mind-blowing and graceful , acrobatic enough to make olympic gymnasts weep .
POS	quaid stars as a man who has taken up the proffesion of dragonslayer after he feels he is betrayed by a dragon early in the movie .
POS	although prior to this turning point benigni plays guido with a sort of goofy charm , he relaxes the role to ensure his son's happiness .
NEG	and yet in other scenes , the hand-drawn material seems of the saturday-morning tv crowd , which leads me to wonder . . .
POS	the story of us , a film about the highs and lows of marriage and family , is a well written , heartbreaking and insightful film that made the majority of the audience , including myself , cry .
POS	every character is connected to every other character by at the most two degrees .
NEG	why is a mission to bomb madison square garden carried out by three f-18 fighter-bombers , when flights of such aircraft are always comprised of multiples of two ?
POS	to die for begins in a town called little hope , new hampshire , the archetypal dry and intellectually barren american suburb .
POS	in fact , dogma's denouement ( which follows a thrilling showdown that's worth the wait ) is a catholic love-in , a veritable recruitment poster .
POS	there are good performances by hattie jacques as the matron , however her character seems a little more subdued and quieter than her previous 'matron's' .
NEG	even if you can ignore these somewhat white lies ( even though the dam is crucial to hard rains plot ) ; there is still a bunch of things that just dont gel .
POS	the segues between flashbacks and the present are very hit-and-miss in terms of effectiveness .
NEG	no . but it definitely sucks and it's basically because . . . well ,
NEG	was one line , if i remember correctly .
NEG	yes it is , but the melodrama does offer some rewards .
POS	cousins is populated by a wide assortment of interesting characters and caricatures .
POS	leer is the kind of youth who seems to mechanically block out emotions .
POS	but the even greater draw in this film is the standout performance given here by mark wahlberg .
NEG	the second half is composed of nauseating hyper-color that often blurs the image .
POS	the acting is appealing , all the performances have a human quality to them , so you can relate to at least one of the characters .
NEG	watching " mimic " i was tempted several times to yell at the screen " turn the lights on !
NEG	attention movie : explain yourself !
POS	but twister had amazing effects and i was hoping so would volcano
NEG	unfortunately it turns out that the writing was a blow-off project for goodman who did it for the money and named his then-colleagues to the team .
POS	when we first meet elena ( francesca neri ) , the woman in the middle of the nervous shakedown , she looks like spice girl barbie with her frizzy shock of orange hair , but later tones down her look sufficiently to pass for juliette lewis .
NEG	even with the huge cast talent , the film is a waste of my time and certainly a waste of yours .
NEG	don will accept any decision gal makes from " yes " to " certainly . "
POS	when you consider just how fine a line resides between a funny parody and a redundant one , " chicken run " is downright brilliant in its execution .
NEG	van damme #1 works for the russian mafia in the united states and is killed by some of their operatives .
NEG	the stabs at comic books are too obvious to be funny .
NEG	because of that , the love letter is awkward and insincere .
NEG	dressed like cloaked monk , he leads her to doubt herself and her " revelations . "
POS	one day he dines ar his favorite restaurant , and is a little too mean to his normal waitress ( the only waittress that will serve him ) , carol ( played to perfection by a lovely and sexy helen hunt . )
NEG	computer generated !
POS	sadly , we only see a couple of scenes from stab .
POS	? in order to through a semblence of plot into the film , there is an evil tabloid publisher played by barry humphries , better known to americans , for about 15 minutes , as dame edna ( remember her ? )
NEG	otherwise , hytner's direction is unremarkable .
POS	this terrific sense of mood is a classic altman touch .
NEG	the trailer is a work of sheer genius .
NEG	the avengers is a film version of the popular 60s television show .
NEG	the discovery of flubber is going to save the college because brainard can sell his flying car to ford .
NEG	sam joins a team of four others : vincent ( jean reno of the professional/leon and mission impossible ) , spence ( sean bean , tv's richard sharpe , and also patriot games and goldeneye ) , and gregor ( stellan skarsgard of breaking the waves and good will hunting ) .
NEG	what's there to argue about anyway ?
NEG	especially the showdown , when the ship first runs into an oil tanker and then dissembles a whole village is a treat .
POS	it is a slow-moving , meticulous film , that grabs hold of you by the collar and never lets go .
NEG	the biggest shame to fall on his shoulders is his newest film , nutty professor ii : the klumps .
NEG	if the goal of the babysitter was to be suspenseful , then it fails .
NEG	either degeneres is wearing a wig--as most of the actors appear to be--or she doesn't yet have enough clout to secure a hairstylist .
NEG	i don't understand why suspense movies lately have to follow the " seven " trend and be set in dark , dank areas .
POS	for starters , it was created by alan moore ( and eddie campbell ) , who brought the medium to a whole new level in the mid '80s with a 12-part series called the watchmen .
NEG	these flicks aren't harnessed with any lofty aspirations , so why not break free and give your audience a bloody good time ?
POS	that's when our narrator , ch ? , comes out to show that she wasn't the great woman she really was , and expose her fame .
POS	for one thing , the cast is great .
NEG	that's it .
POS	who's on the up and up , who's the real bad guy and who's gonna get to bang courteney cox are just a few of the questions which will be answered by the rest of this movie .
NEG	the attempt to weld a romance onto a caper comedy served only to remind me of the infinitely superior " a fish called wanda . "
NEG	and get welcomed back anyway ?
NEG	if you really want to see a good version of " the art of war " , rent the wesley snipes and sean connery action vehicle of the same kind " rising sun " , it isn't a great film either , but at least it's better than this .
POS	the abject cruelty to which truman is subjected to hits home - and from that moment , we're on his side .
NEG	and people have e-mailed me too , saying clueless is a good movie and that i'm the only one who doesn't like it .
NEG	petite clone of myer's dr . evil , exactly 1/8 in size .
POS	however , you have been missing out on a true masterpeice , the best film of 1986 , and the best film about adolescent life ever made .
POS	lorraine bracco is , on the other hand , very effective and believable as karen hill , wife who gradually descends into same moral cesspool as her husband .
POS	the other character was dr . clemens ( charles dance ) , but because we like him , the inevitable occurs .
POS	ulee's gold is the story of a man who believes he is fine as he is- until the truth is revealed painfully to him : he is cold and unfeeling .
POS	motss and his hollywood buddies , meanwhile , seem completely out of touch with the rest of the world and just see this undertaking as another creative project .
POS	kathy bates' performance is award-calibre stuff .
NEG	though i must admit , urban legend does have a winning premise for what could have been a somewhat entertaining exploitation film .
NEG	jim ( morgan freeman ) and a small gang of thieves locate the van and attempt to steal the three million dollars .
NEG	they sacked him after he got sick .
NEG	when he overhears her plans to fire him on christmas day , willard is convinced by his best friend rusty ( dave chapelle ) to kidnap crock's beloved dog and hold it for a ransom of one million dollars .
NEG	she seems uncommonly stupid for a journalist .
POS	i don't want to give away too much , but cusack becomes too attached with his discovery .
NEG	mr . harrelson is uncomfortably awkward , apparently never having gotten a firm handle on vince .
POS	the screenplay , written by jessie nelson ( stepmom ) and alan zweibel ( dragnet ) , is a touching , down to earth work that hits a chord within the viewer , much like another one of nelson's films , stepmom .
POS	at its heart , it develops a theme which is never overpowering but is always present .
POS	same line also illustrates the milieu where the movie takes place - dark and violent world of shady international deals with the blurred boundaries between business , politics and crime .
POS	neil jordan's latest film " stars " rea in more ways than one .
NEG	it is this primitive schoolboy mentality that eventually kills the movie .
NEG	pocahontas herself is the typical disney heroine who is practically being forced to marry a man who everyone but her likes and finds the man of her dreams just in time .
NEG	and perhaps i shouldn't admit this , but something about the tone and outlook of the movie brought me back to my childhood .
NEG	the film sticks so close to the worn-out conventions of the " creature " genre that it is amazing anyone would spend the money and time filming it when they could be making an original film .
POS	no more ; no less .
NEG	the fact is these pathetic losers are not needed because their city already has a successful superhero , captain amazing , who has recently captured every evil-doer in the city .
POS	his entry and adaptation to the whole " rock 'n roll " lifestyle fills the rest of the film and is really fun to watch .
NEG	there's not much more to it .
POS	ron epstein
POS	he banged himself on the head with a bloody great rock !
POS	he meets pierce brosnan's character , mr . o'brady ( or just brady ) , because he falls in love with the beautiful daughter .
POS	after a brief respite at a safe house filled with enough cool gadgets for a dozen sharper image stores , carmen and juni set off to find their parents and save the world , zooming through the sea in a submarine pod that looks like a goldfish , while a slew of wicked people ( including teri hatcher ) chase them .
POS	there is no healing to be had , no closure , on any level ( despite the needless , tacked-on ending , with voice-over narration from lenny as an adult , framing the story ) .
NEG	the aura of thrillerism surrounding the plot isn't heightened by skillful scripting or camera work , but rather a tense , string-based score and manipulative editing .
NEG	armin mueller-stahl manages to thoroughly embarrass himself in an unbilled cameo .
POS	with the pivot of the pan being in the center of the mob and angry members within a short radius of the pan , lang offers the viewer a sense of what it feels like to be the subject of a lynching .
POS	when yaakov joined the israeli army to fight in lebanon , something his sect is not allowed to do , he is thereby banished from the sect even though he is still a believer .
POS	it's remarkable that this film was released at all .
POS	this film was goodfellas , epic black comedy which is today considered as one of the best and most influential films of 1990s .
NEG	will someone please ( i'm begging you ) give gary sinise a role worthy of his talents ?
POS	often science fiction aficionados find material , previously labelled as science fiction , to be pure fantasy or supernatural horror , or rather simple techno-thriller .
POS	williams isn't given much to do except react to schwartzman and murray , but still does fine work .
POS	and it's already time to look forward to " blair witch 3 " .
NEG	so when his best friend mike ( gallagher ) , the narrator of the film , gets a chance to sleep with his girlfriend--who cares ?
POS	like some other cult films , most notably little shop of horrors , the rocky horror picture show is a musical with a twisted edge to it .
POS	i'm sure that twenty years from now cusack will forever be referred to as " the guy from ( add in the cusack film of your choice ) " .
POS	people may make documentaries about it for another hundred years and still not understand the organized , methodical hatred .
POS	screenwriter tim herlihy has written for sandler before ( billy madison and happy gilmore ) , and the two make a good combination .
NEG	or is it about those who can , those who are in a position to influence the making of the kinds of films sick and demented people want to see ?
POS	it made sure that we didn't just care for one of them .
POS	it's less artistic , not so scary and less original , but certainly not bad .
POS	after seeing the thin red line , i was haunted by it and am quite ready to see it again .
POS	we have the story of a dying man earl partridge ( jason robards ) wanting to get in touch with his son and make amends .
NEG	trust me , it'll be time much , much better spent .
NEG	but this film doesn't let that happen .
NEG	i mean , she shows off more cleavage here than a jeweler's convention .
NEG	people wanting to see kiss , and lots of it will probably be disappointed , considering the band appears for about five minutes and plays one song .
POS	in " awakenings , " the patients and illness were far more satisfyingly portrayed .
NEG	the cast are seemingly on autopilot , although tea leoni does gives a rather good performance , even if she acts a bit too dorky for her own good .
POS	consider the other pg rated " family friendly " movie in theaters now .
NEG	as for ray's gambling debt and his dilemma of how to pay it off , the story is too predictable for anything other than what you would expect to happen .
NEG	imagine george of the jungle stripped of all ( intentional ) humor , and you have a fair idea of what this tarzan is like .
POS	wilson's character is pure hatred and he brings out this hate perfectly .
NEG	still , if you get stuck seeing it , as we did , you might be able to appreciate it if you keep your distance , think of liking bad movies as a child , and bring along your " bad movie bingo " cards .
NEG	the hellraiser series had plenty of scenes containing this sensibility .
POS	soon the pretending turns to love and cousins is off and running .
POS	" there may not be a place for humans in the future , if we're really successful . "
NEG	she has perfected these characters in movies such as " the wedding singer " and , most notably , " ever after . "
POS	the thirteenth floor , the third in what i would call " the reality check movie series " , is very similar to the other reality check movies released this year , the matrix and existenz .
NEG	after a great job in tigerland , farrell walks through this role easier then nicolas cage in gone in 60 seconds .
NEG	once the team reaches the russian ship , they go on board to find that the place is seemingly deserted .
NEG	steve zahn has been steadily honing his comedic acting skills and gives some complexity to wayne , the " brains " of the gang .
POS	there , they are befriended by the ewoks , the teddy bear-like native race , and luke , fearing that his presence is endangering the group , turns himself over to vader .
POS	but even trash tv topicality can't drag " wild things " down -- this crazy campfest plays like something you'd find late-night on the usa network , only infinitely more palatable and with a solid ensemble cast .
NEG	it is upon the films execution where the diminutive plot twists and developments fail to impress or innovate - the evidence that goes missing , the high powered officials shielding the truth and intolerable love angles have all been done so many times before .
NEG	perhaps the biggest problem is that disney has strayed from their familiar fable and fairy tale themes to history .
NEG	the suspenseless bride of chucky relies mostly on jennifer tilly's cleavage to keep attention during the first half , and on occasional puns to keep attention during the second half .
NEG	he has his ups and downs , but mostly the downs .
NEG	don't skip to the end yet ; we're just getting warmed up .
POS	of course , jackie also happens to be a talented martial artist , and these skills come in handy when he becomes involved in an ambitious reporter's ( gabrielle fitzpatrick ) expose of a drug dealing ring .
NEG	his first feature was the star-studded disaster " con air , " but my opinion of him improved with " the general's daughter , " which was thick with sultry atmosphere .
NEG	maybe it's one of those " chick flicks " that men don't like .
POS	on the final leg of the journey titled " my father , " he meets an older man , a fisherman ( maurice benichou ) , who enlightens him about the real facts of life and family while they fly felix's kite , just like a father and son .
POS	the reason ?
POS	while in & out doesn't carry enough to give it four stars , it remains one of the best done films of the year , all-around .
POS	there's even an escape clause .
POS	in fact , you might even wanna leave yourself if you can't handle the more violent of sequences .
POS	and what's uncanny is that lapaglia is a dead ringer for robert de niro , with a little bit of alec baldwin thrown in for good measure .
NEG	however , the script is tired and predictable .
NEG	this is just plain depressing .
POS	this is not a great motion picture , but , considering how bad most january releases are , it's a reasonably entertaining way to spend two hours .
POS	after all , this is a musical , and webber's musicals never undermine this .
NEG	when rod serling adapted the novel into a film released in 1968 , he added a number of serling touches , familiar from episodes of the twilight zone and changed the ending to make it more serling-ish .
NEG	thinking rudy is nick , he kidnaps rudy and threatens to kill him unless he helps rob a casino , which nick use to work at as a security guard .
NEG	tsui utilizes so many tricks that he makes john woo look tame by comparison .
POS	in fact , i'm pretty sure that the writers let him improvise a lot of his lines .
NEG	then comes what roger ebert calls the " meet cute . "
NEG	but this average joe , ed perkuny , ( matthew mcconaughay ) , is a sappy , lifeless creation that wanders around , trying to solve everyone's problems and settle his own .
POS	when his partner turns up shot to death and internal affairs finds incriminating evidence in roman's home , roman becomes the prime suspect of both embezzling from the police disability fund and murder .
NEG	if ever a movie screamed " wait for video so you can fast-forward through all the dull and annoying parts , " this is it .
NEG	not so long ago , men by the names of peckinpah , ford , leone , and eastwood made westerns .
NEG	what ensues is a series upon series of completely unrelated conflicts .
POS	hanks has his decent guy routine down pat , yet each time he does it , it seems effortless , spontaneous and fresh .
NEG	after her husband's death she comes across a film in his private safe .
POS	it is comedic on two levels , as a romantic comedy and a dark comedy .
NEG	the ramifications are never explored .
POS	carmen ( alexa vega ) and her younger brother juni ( daryl sabara ) live in a beautiful seaside home with their parents , gregorio ( antonio banderas ) and ingrid cortez ( carla gugino ) .
POS	well sorry folks , but i haven't seen trainspotting so i can't really compare .
POS	we see two figures looking over a barren , and very red landscape .
POS	the delightful critic geoff pevere recently wrote that " american films are about action , canadian films are about consequences , " hence a recent wave of films about the effects of shock and death from toronto directors , including crash and kissed .
POS	luckily , disney's latest animated offering , mulan , manages to be engaging and refreshing , even while rife with formula .
POS	if this is your attitude , then i'll say right off the bat that kenneth branagh's hamlet is probably not for you , and you might as well stop reading right now .
NEG	actually , woo , the latest directorial effort from daisy v . s .
POS	the story of us , a rob reiner film , is the second movie this fall that touches the viewer in a way they are rarely touched by a film , as they can see their everyday lives in the usually once in a year films .
POS	while i didn't really have much of a problem with goldman's screenplay , i do need to point out at least one inconsistency .
NEG	is it too late for the academy to revoke nicolas cage's oscar ?
POS	one might have expected this inevitable joke to come off as wearisome , but as with most of " chicken run , " it comes as a delightful surprise .
NEG	franklin is your typical con-man and ends up with more than one person out to get him .
POS	she's a woman of the '90s a couple of millennia ahead of her time .
NEG	tom dicillo directs this superficial comedy about superficial people in superficial careers , all searching for deeper meaning .
NEG	now as for you mr . schumacher . . .
POS	the only element that remains constant and similar between the two films is the solid acting ( jeffrey donovan and tristine skyler should be mentioned ) and incredible sense of surrealism .
POS	the conclusion--the consequence of dil navaz's transformation--is rather abrupt .
NEG	the rest of the cast does even less .
NEG	he proves once again that he is incapable of handling more complex issues .
POS	his early black eye becomes her later split lip .
POS	there are so many of these mini-plots-within-plots in this film i would not describe them all because it is what gives the movie its hook .
NEG	plot : upon the realization that they are failing all of their classes , two roommates try to find a third roomie who will kill himself , since the school's charter automatically grants top grades to the roommates of any student who succeeds in suicide .
POS	carrey stars as truman burbank , a capra-esque everyman insurance agent living with his beautiful wife meryl ( laura linney ) in the south florida island town of seahaven , which looks like michael eisner's idea of the perfect american small town .
POS	this is never more apparent than the scene where she delivers her speech announcing her so-called platform for presidency .
POS	but it doesn't end , ash now has to fight his severed hand which now moves with the same celerity as thing from the addams family .
NEG	this has nothing to do with the story .
POS	describing this character is difficult , mainly because he has no real realistic background ( he's said to be based on the revolutionary ch ? guevera , but the two probably could have never met , like they do in the film ) , but he serves as a perspective on eva , but even his perspective can't help us from feeling bad when eva dies a pathetic death .
POS	there is a purpose to this beyond simple artiness -- the stock often serves as an emotional key to the movie , and , during the climactic fashion show , color is used to show the audience's perspective , while black-and-white is for the behind-the- scenes sequences .
POS	the other winning element that makes " pretty woman " so entertaining is its genuine sweetness and innocence , which is rarely as palpable in today's films as it is here .
NEG	he's not quintessential , he's not horrible , he's good .
POS	credit director tim blake nelson for creating a modern day version of this shakespearian classic , set in a realistic high school environment , with the basketball championships as the backdrop and an impending sense of doom as it core .
NEG	in the best of all possible worlds , they accomplish both .
POS	we first meet them awaiting their flight in a drab airport lounge .
NEG	nor human nature , nor anything else , for that matter .
POS	the best part and the most frustrating part of wag the dog is in the supporting cast .
NEG	fuentes goes off to find and visit the doctors , ignoring the advice of his family and a patient who happens to be an army general .
POS	mighty joe young tracks a 2 , 000 pound gorilla in the wilds of africa that is taken to a reserve in . . .
NEG	and , while i'm not advocating the excesses embraced by the 1981 bo derek version of the story , tarzan deserves a slightly more adult approach than the one used in the embarrassing production .
POS	_election , a good film , does not live up to its hype .
NEG	you can if you've seen rosemary's baby which , like the exorcist , was a thrilling horror film in its time but seems boring and laughable in the decades that have passed since its original release .
NEG	at least one would hope so .
POS	as the date for independence approaches , he tactically positions himself to be the new nation's first prime minister and defense minister , supporting the presidency of joseph kasa vubu ( maka kotto ) .
POS	perhaps niccol is warning our race about the changes genetic tampering could bring .
NEG	the first problem is that this film has absolutely no connection with the tv show whatsoever , aside from the music .
NEG	and stupid characters , you might think we were back in the 70s again .
NEG	when she and her comrades , appropriately dubbed " the commander , " " the rookies , " and the guy with the cool accent discover the town's residents slaughtered , they are forced to team up with williams to escape from the remaining residents' head-chopping , alien-possessed clutches .
NEG	i never understood what the clich ? " hell on earth " truly meant until very recently .
POS	it was traditional , magical .
NEG	the finest sign of this may be the plot , in looking back , there seems to be little more than a thin , predictable plot that is only carried by the portrayal of people that we revere in our history books .
POS	everybody in this movie is brilliant , absolutely so , but levy particularly stands out .
POS	an excellent look at flynt , his life , and his story .
POS	?
NEG	flipper , 1996 ) .
POS	the thirteenth floor took a huge , risky turn that i didn't expect it to take , and i'm not very sure it was such a great turn to make .
NEG	he overdoes it , in other words , but he still manages to be creepy enough to pass as the type of stalker the story demands .
POS	wealth , influence and privileges of men connected with mafia are enough for henry hill to seduce his future wife karen ( played by lorraine bracco ) , who would afterwards remain loyal to her husband despite infidelities , domestic abuse , arrests and would even be accomplice to his own private drug dealing business .
NEG	i also liked michael moore's perverted cousin character , and i loved , and i say it again , loved the character that bill pullman played .
POS	there are plenty of other early jackie films around , but these are typically either in dubbed , pan-and-scanned form or else import tapes priced for rental instead of purchase .
NEG	the usual things happen like clockwork .
POS	his liberty is stripped , but not his dignity , and certainly not the dignities of those around him .
POS	he is referred to as lord sidious but considering his appearance , and especially that creepy evil voice of his , he is a obviously one of the most significant characters in the series .
POS	they are all the more impressive for the fact that in this film argento creates mood by filling his scenes with light , rather than the dark shadows and deep rich colours of earlier works like deep red and suspiria .
NEG	kind of enjoyable .
NEG	the direction is film-school-grad obvious .
NEG	for instance , murphy punches della reese in the stomach .
NEG	while " town and country " isn't exactly painful to sit through , it mostly just lays there .
POS	words " croatia " and " croatians " were unheard , even in movies whose plots actually took place on croatian locations .
POS	and guess what ?
NEG	one final flaw , though , is letting brandi fall for darnell to begin with .
POS	their interpretation of the bible based solely on the pictures and their own experiences is poignant .
NEG	the problem is the script , or more accurately , shakespeare's original text .
NEG	it's like one of those cheesy kings island stage shows ; bright , busy and visually diverting , but not very much fun .
NEG	the film should serve as another in the long-line of films which demonstrate that we need more intelligent films nowadays .
POS	the film is continually narrated by private joker , in which he explains his visions on what is going on .
NEG	to one side of him , residents scavenge for food in the street ; to the other side , german troops beat a group of jews .
POS	not one character is given less than is needed to identify him or her .
POS	anne bancroft has a minimal role , but she's effective nonetheless .
POS	if only willis' work were as impressive .
POS	her words , however , appear to fall on deaf ears as reese turns up drunk at the family homestead later that evening , urging beau to join him in the boathouse .
NEG	so when it stops safe and sound and the characters are all cheering - the audience is sitting back and thinking - " wait a sec . . . this is a happy moment because ? "
NEG	then it could be an adventure movie .
POS	.
NEG	it's a shame , too , because one of the many screenwriters , john august , was at the helm of last year's favorite , go .
NEG	ugh .
NEG	phasers ?
POS	there are so many impressive sequences that i'd find it impossible to list them here , but i was particularly wowed by a scene where buzz and his cohorts must get across a busy intersection to get to al' s toy barn , the store owned by woody's captor .
NEG	forget about that .
POS	she's spending the summer with hy and gladys , and away from her fiance , to decide whether a lifelong commitment is really what she wants , and whether it's better to marry a friend or a lover .
NEG	look at the whole figure and it does not .
POS	the film is not perfect though , it starts off with a pretty big bang , but then pulls a way of the gun on us , and slows the pace down somewhat in the middle , while characters intermingle and disperse .
NEG	as we all know , three of the hottest females on the planet -- drew barrymore , cameron diaz , and lucy liu -- are three super-agents working for the mysterious millionaire named charlie .
POS	i don't know whether to say a star is born or a star is re-born , but i do know that lapaglia's over-the-top performance should not be missed .
NEG	josie ( she says she was named after the '70s cartoon character ) was a geek in high school , so she jumps at the opportunity for a second chance .
NEG	it tries to satirize home shopping networks , but it's difficult to effectively make fun of something that is already a self-parody .
POS	" meet joe black " runs just under three hours .
NEG	the slut then deliberately injures and hospitalizes crystal .
NEG	i went into the theater expecting to love the movie .
NEG	thereafter follows approximately 85 minutes of film that alternates between being confused , being trite , being silly , and being just plain stupid .
POS	kevin bacon oozes charisma in an early role .
POS	the wrongly implied love scene in the tent that redefines anal sex .
NEG	knock off has the feel of a truly terrible exercise in camp mania .
POS	oh yeah , if you get shot in the face , using a brightly decorated napkin to stop the bleeding just makes you look goofy .
NEG	or that fighter planes are still in pristine condition after all that time -- and gassed up ?
POS	there are a few melodramatic parts here , but , they tend to work out well .
POS	capsule : this is a film that avoids easy answers .
NEG	ok , coincidence is one thing folks , but we're getting really contrived now .
POS	the four leads in the film play off each other quite effectively ; they never miss an opportunity to argue , bicker , or insult one another .
POS	" the deep end " is a complex story of domino deeds and shifting relationships .
NEG	on a personal note , i was disturbed by the ludicrous english literature class shown in this film which valerie had to suffer through .
POS	his unique execution is as sarcastic as subtle , as disturbing as it is hilarious .
NEG	neither can you blame them for depalma cranking up the juice on the film's musical score during the last fifteen minutes , presumably in order to wake the audience up ( okay , we get it brian , this scene is supposed to be powerful . . . wow . . . yawn . . . my
POS	i can't even begin to image what film you do like .
POS	she looks hideous with her short-cropped orange hair , red lip-stick and grotesque outfits .
NEG	the days of jurassic park , when viewers were astounded by the mere spectacle of seeing something big and imposing on screen , are past .
NEG	but then , all of a sudden , the innovation stops .
NEG	buy some tickets and give them to your worst enemies .
POS	since their film debut in 1984 with the tightly wrought texas thriller " blood simple , " joel and ethan coen have been one of the most eclectic , original , and downright fascinating creative teams in modern hollywood .
NEG	late in down to you , the lead female character ( julia stiles ) states her greatest fear is having an " artificial conversation " with her boyfriend ( freddie prinze jr . ) .
POS	pierce brosnan ( 007 ) , produced his first movie with beau st . clair .
POS	the two aren't very comparable to each other , but they both deviate from her usual " intelligently ditzy " romantic comedy roles , and it's an impressive side of ryan movie goers rarely have the chance to enjoy .
NEG	the action in the film is neither jackie's best nor worst , but you long for some more inspiration in the scenes .
NEG	on the technical side , it's all bad news .
NEG	flubber is anthropomorphized into a being supposedly with personality .
POS	because of this warmth and democratic spirit , amarcord could be viewed as one of the most humane films of 20th century , and it keeps its general feel good atmosphere despite depicting having many uncomfortable , melancholic and even tragic moments .
NEG	i still have my faith , but i fear the name of kevin williamson may soon be a forgotten echo of the past .
NEG	the failure isn't de palma's fault ; he's working from an atrocious script .
NEG	tsui continues to energetically pile on the visual razzle dazzle in his latest collaboration with the muscles from brussels , _knock_off_ , but this time around , style neither save a script that is at best ridiculous , and at worst incomprehensible ; nor hide a host of truly lousy performances .
NEG	the actor plays the role in his usual calm , collected manner , though the flick tries to insinuate a symbolic kinship between his character and betty's , suggesting that both are controlled by their fantasies rather than reality .
NEG	as a result , marvin develops heightened senses and increased agility and speed .
POS	he returns the favour when he steps on stage one night and becomes their frontman , turning the fragmented impressions of his experiences into performance art , and turning the band into a popular draw .
NEG	tom sizemore ( saving private ryan ) , robert wagner ( austin powers ii : the spy who shagged me ) , and richard masur ( fire down below ) are crooked promoters , lucy liu ( payback ) is a sex-starved hitchhiker looking for a good time , and lolita davidovich ( gods and monsters ) , is the shared girlfriend who can't make her mind up which boxer she prefers .
NEG	but one thing is for sure , it could really use a better title .
NEG	some questions , then : what's with the garbage disposal retching applesauce ?
POS	with this in mind , hearing grandmother fa is like listening to a little piece of history .
POS	kret's film is a wake up call to a generation and his message is a powerful one .
NEG	everywhere she looks , she sees visions of the man in a rubber slicker with the hook on his hand .
NEG	mia and john move into an apartment where several past murders have been committed .
POS	the film opens around the end of the qin dynasty , when many immigrants were making their way to shanghai .
NEG	" virus , " in comparison , is a servicable thriller , well-made and produced , but since it doesn't include one moment of even remote originality or intelligence , it sinks under the weight of the water that the film was shot on .
NEG	the human race has already set foot on mars .
POS	to culture club's " do you really want to hurt me ? "
POS	and good characters . . .
POS	in the movie's best sequence , william , anna , and company sit around bloated from max's latest concoction and hold a contest : the last brownie on the table goes to the diner with the saddest life .
POS	greg kinnear , who is becoming known for his supporting film roles , is also very good at playing the vulnerable simon .
NEG	so it is that i am offended by the fact that marc norman and tom stoppard are credited with writing this production , and the name william shakespeare is no were to be seen beyond a character's name in the credits .
NEG	what that means , however , is that fans of superior , intelligent , grade a sci-fi/horror are singularly out of luck .
POS	since it would be wrong to spoil any of the jokes , let's use the next few paragraphs to profile the racers .
NEG	we go into a movie theater , boom !
POS	this portrayal is much more flattering to reporters than earlier wafflemovies . com
POS	in the company of men made a splash at the sundance film festival because , in a year plagued by brothers mcmullen-style , earnestly shallow gen-x angst pictures , it seemed to be actually about something .
POS	grady is caught up in the curse of people who accomplish great things early in their career .
POS	general bogan ( frank overton ) , taking orders directly from the president of the united states himself ( henry fonda ) , is powerless--the fate of the world lies in the hands of an automated , pre-programmed system that may not be stoppable , simply because the creators of the war machines were too efficient in their task to make a no-win situation winnable .
NEG	he is one of those famous porn stars who is frequently interviewed on television , does the college lecture circuit , and stars in high budget costume epic porns that are shot on film .
POS	this is truly a very good film worth seeing if your looking for a movie with a thick plot filled with it's share of twists .
NEG	about knocking on the door and arresting his sorry ass , officers ? !
POS	it's got style , it's got tough guys talkin' shite and it's got plenty of bullets to go around .
NEG	the weak scenes could have been cut , but then there wouldn't have been much left .
POS	well , the answer to that question is entirely up to you .
NEG	that about sums up the dreadful ugliness of 102 dalmatians , a cold pea soup of cute animals , stupid home alone antics , a boring puppy love subplot between dumb humans , and glenn close reprising her best joan crawford impression .
POS	this movie is a lot of fun .
NEG	there is no electricity in any of the scenes , or a moment of interest in the story or its subplots .
POS	the film actually opens in the ice age , about 32 , 000 years prior , during which a couple of prehistoric guys get attacked by a vicious alien .
NEG	as was usual in the zucker brothers films and in spy hard , the end credits tend to replace this by being out of context .
POS	his reaction shots , with his wildly exaggerated eye movements , are comedic gems .
POS	our unlikely hero finds himself in port adelaide , where he wanders the streets and meets people , where he suffers and learns and survives .
POS	she portrays the young queen with just the right balance of gawky self-consciousness and shrewd charisma .
NEG	it's long and it's just not very good .
POS	ok , but what about comparing ?
POS	it creates a world so completely realistic that everything that occurs is as memorable as the little instances of life that catch your attention and stay with you for the rest of your life .
POS	harmon is wonderfully creepy and smug , and welsh is tough but trapped .
NEG	oh mighty . . . make
NEG	but how do you defeat the devil ?
NEG	a horror movie ?
NEG	with the cop's zen wisdom passed onto the daughter , she will survive living in many different addresses in beverly hills until she reaches 17 and then she plans to get way from mom by using her good grades to go to brown university instead of ucla .
NEG	meschach taylor , of the once popular designing women sitcom , adequately plays a scientist working on the project , but his performance isn't something to write home about either .
POS	unlike chewbacca and c-3po , who got their humanity ( if you'll pardon the expression ) from their interactions with the human characters , jar jar is often left to interact mostly with others of his kind , at times making the movie seem like nothing more than a very expensive " teenage mutant ninja turtles . "
POS	a deceitful and calculating young man , whose voyeuristic proclivities mask a deeper and more profound understanding of life than any of the adults around him .
POS	it is about the fight for freedom of speech , anti-censorship , and the right to be able choose for oneself what to see and buy .
POS	my favorite line of tcheky's was when li was explaining the whole " kiss of the dragon " thing to him and he cut him off by saying " kiss my ass ! "
POS	after the mysterious murder of computer program designer hammond fuller , played by armin mueller-stahl , douglas hall , played by craig bierko , a man that worked under fuller for many years , must travel through an electronic computer device that fuller was using , to the year 1937 , which consists of computer generated characters only .
POS	the dream team follows the misadventures that beset the four-some when their psychiatrist , dr . weitzman , takes them out of the hospital for a field trip to yankee stadium .
POS	there's one scene in which zero talks about how detached he is , an how that makes him such a great detective .
NEG	in los angeles production has begun on " stab 3 : return to woodsboro , " the most recent installment in the series of movies inspired by the murders surrounding sidney prescott ( neve campbell ) .
POS	one night , z is sitting in a bar with his friend weaver ( sylvester stallone ) , discussing his pathetic place in life .
NEG	the scenes that don't feature action should be electric , thanks to our wonderful cast .
POS	he quits his job ( actually blackmailing his employer for one year's salary ) , starts smoking pot , fantasizes about his daughter's girlfriend angela ( mena suvari , in a marvelous performance here ) , starts working out , and finally takes a job at the local fast food outlet .
NEG	a year passes , and nothing is heard about it again .
POS	you bet .
POS	there's also an interesting scene where goro introduces tampopo and her son to a bunch of street people who , despite their economic trappings , are all gourmets and master sommeliers .
POS	in fact , maybe a new face would have been better .
POS	-sound advice from capone ( paul campbell ) to his squaddie ( or partner ) , floyd ( winston bell ) .
POS	he has spent his entire life in an awful little apartment , raised and cared for and imprisoned by his domineering mother .
NEG	casting must have been asleep on this one .
NEG	sure .
POS	of course , nothing in the film screams 1970s more than the casting of pam grier and robert forster as the two leads , and although the caper intrigue is fun to watch as the plot twists , backstabbing , and deceptions deliciously unfold , the strength of jackie brown is the quiet , understated relationship developed between jackie and max ; when they kiss , it's perhaps the most tender scene of the year .
POS	what i'm saying is the first half was extremely slow .
POS	in addition to this , i typically don't read anything created after the 19th century .
POS	i even liked the final scene , which features frank and john both fighting the same man simultaneously in different time periods .
POS	it's simply different .
NEG	louie is a trumpeter swan with no voice .
NEG	a pair of truck drivers/rapists who immediately attack her and then meet a " wacky " demise .
NEG	sadly , the filmmakers decided to bring him into play with only about half an hour left in the film .
NEG	but when i rewatched it , i felt cheated .
NEG	an understandeably shocked becky runs out of the house the next morning before hailing down a couple of vice cops , ( jeff daniels ) and wes ( eric stoltz ) .
POS	but i don't care .
POS	a simple wish lies along the lines of very bad things , clay pigeons and even fargo , and is kind of wrapped all into one little dark bundle .
POS	with the spectacular , new special effects , the adorable ewoks , the sinister jabba the hutt , the evil emperor , the same old millenium falcon , darth vader's incredible betrayal , the destruction of the new death star , and the always lovable yoda , return of the jedi concludes one of the greatest trilogies ever made with a huge bang .
POS	politics is his game , and the modern cubicle-filled office is his playground .
POS	" being john malkovich " is the type of film we need to see more .
NEG	danielle's convictions are compromised .
NEG	green's flummoxing of a security guard with psychotic ramblings and his attempt to draw , make music and eat at the same time ( the 'daddy would you like some sausages' scene repeatedly shown in the film's trailer ) are inspired comedy .
POS	data ( brent spiner ) , lt . cmdr .
POS	some critics have noted that " scream 3 " seems to take itself more seriously this time ; maybe so , or maybe screenwriter ehren kruger ( arlington road ) , who took over after williamson had scheduling conflicts , saw an opportunity for true irony ? ? 'maybe even a little bit of satire ? ? 'if the film worked in a few more clich ? ? s .
NEG	after some zero-gravity dancing , they run into problems when one of their engines is blown , forcing them to attempt a desperate landing aboard a supply vessel .
NEG	even bill murray gets into the act as lombardo's zany lawyer .
NEG	many things are not explained in this film , but i do know that for some bizarre reason , van damme seemed to be doing a jackie chan impression throughout the flick .
NEG	last week's winner was natasha henstridge for the whole nine yards . ]
NEG	however , i'm not sure if i want to give him that much credit .
NEG	not surprisingly the government takes julian away from sonny's incompetent supervision , and this leads to a custody battle .
POS	jack vincennes ( spacey ) is the cop who is more concerned on busting with fame and stardom ala hollywood style , concentrating heavily on work which will attract him media attention .
NEG	what few reviewers take issue with is how mean-spirited this movie is .
NEG	oh !
POS	his is an interesting character .
POS	meanwhile fang's beijing sister advocates absolute loyalty to the 'work unit . '
NEG	" grumpy old presidents , " to that list , too . )
NEG	the much touted fight-scenes here are filmed with such unflinching , unrelenting brutality that they are unpleasant to watch .
POS	but i sat in the theatre for over and hour wondering where all the special effects were .
NEG	a good technician can make it look good , but without direction from his own inner artist or someone else , it's going to be just a xerox .
NEG	they're awful .
NEG	.
POS	paul newman stars as retired detective harry ross .
NEG	he has received his assignment from k . d .
POS	good lord , there should be some sort of law stating that no woman can be that sexy .
NEG	murray , about as funny and sophisticated here as he was in meatballs , plays a loser cab driver who sees the army as his only chance for success , and convinces his friend ramis to enlist with him .
NEG	in an aggressively non-linear fashion , the limey ( li * mey , noun : an english gentleman ) tells the story of wilson ( terrence stamp ) , a british ex-con just released from a 9 year stint in prison for armed robbery .
POS	back in 1986 he had talent , and that is proven here as he delivers a perfect fully 3-dimensional performance filled with anger , humor , and pain .
NEG	to give away too much of the plot would all but ruin a film that has very little going for it outside of its numbing plot twists and multiple triple-crosses .
NEG	there are very few scenes which catch the viewers complete attention .
NEG	travis pursues , naturally .
POS	attempting to make a distinction may be a matter of splitting hairs .
NEG	siouxsie is the chromium cool , tough-as-nails crack killing machine who shoots out a couple of mirrors in order to justify the film's meaningless stock title .
NEG	the humor is completely inconsistent .
POS	wings of desire this ain't .
POS	television coverage of the exploration of titanic intrigues 101-year-old rose calvert ( gloria stuart ) , who survived the wreck in 1912 .
POS	lynch's direction and director of photography pete deming's darkly lit cinematography serve to create a nearly suffocating atmosphere of tension and fear that are exactly what is needed for this story .
POS	unzipped is a cinematic portrait of isaac mizrahi , an artist whose palette is fabric .
POS	he wakes up next to his beautiful wife , played by stone , and the film begins . . .
NEG	shades of broadcast news ? ? ?
POS	the only even slightly dated scenes are those at the begining in which god has a long chat with clarence , george's guardian angel .
NEG	only some special effects sequences show the wear of time , and there just isn't much that can be done about that ( unless you're obsessive like george lucas ) .
NEG	20 min . . . . you
NEG	lush strings and booming brass in every scene , at every moment .
NEG	but the idea of doing a movie is insane .
POS	benigni+s guido stays in character , and delivers the speech , keeping = the subject matter intact while showing the absurdity of its concept .
POS	with the level of acting , however , this can be forgiven .
POS	no , satan is much more humane .
NEG	the switch is to your right !
POS	one of the enjoyable features in the film is the disguises that kilmer dawns to complete his missions .
NEG	yet after catching this movie and making the inevitable comparison , i can only hope people will change their minds and think of " batman " as the superior adaptation .
NEG	based on a true story , the book must have found some other way to introduce the characters because in the movie version , the approach is weak .
NEG	how do you get to " inner space " ?
NEG	" simply irresistible , " on the other hand , is about as challenging as an easy-bake oven .
POS	although roman's actions seem forced due to the compressed nature of his motivational build-up , gray redeems himself by involving us with the negotiations between roman and fellow police negotiator chris sabian ( kevin spacey ) which soon ensue .
NEG	serling avoided this by having the apes speak english and , of course , there is some justification for that by the end of the film .
NEG	director guillermo del toro was recently imported from mexico after he made the award winning and inventive horror film " cronos . "
POS	while escaping from this punishment , fei-hong meets up with a drunken old man , who proceeds to thrash him soundly , then take him on as a student and thrash him some more .
NEG	so lets not insult a great movie by taking the comparisons any further , okay ?
NEG	early on in the movie , sarah tells tony , after meeting him in a supermarket , that she had been advised to never talk to strangers .
POS	truman's movements are tracked ceaselessly by 5 , 000 cameras scattered throughout the town : button cams , dashboard cams , mirror cams , wife cams , big cams and small cams .
NEG	even the " intellectuals " i know don't bother with this kind of pointless and pretentious yammering .
POS	the crux of earth's plot is the transformation undergone by dil navaz .
NEG	especially with an ending that is not only unsatisfying , but in many ways inexplicable ?
NEG	it reaches an unacceptable level of badness ; it's so incoherent that i wonder if it was hacked up worse than the avengers was .
NEG	by the end of the film we never really got to know anybody .
POS	the biggest success of " amistad " is probably the characterization of cinque ( djimon hounsou ) , who emerges as the de facto leader of the kidnapped africans and struggles to communicate with baldwin ( matthew mcconaughey ) , the lawyer who represents them in court .
NEG	not since good will hunting has he abandoned his signature style to this extent ; this isn't the robin williams we know and love .
POS	in new york , the two lackeys are like fish out of water , stumbling from one situation to another , trying to keep alive .
POS	two months later , he was ousted from his powerful position and hunted by government troops until he was captured and brutally murdered along with two aides .
NEG	the real question is how this movie ever got made .
NEG	interestingly , both films also take place a couple of years from now during the turn of the new millenium , though strange days uses the setting far more effectively .
NEG	and those elements alone are not enough to make it a good film .
POS	the actors or writers have not made the mistake to judge these characters in the slightest : there are no whites or blacks but instead all grays , exactly like life .
POS	and finally , the last days shows their cathartic , pained , modern-day return to their old homes and the camps .
NEG	they're joined by an unwelcome guest , hector cyr ( oliver platt ) , a scholar who worships crocs and searches all over the world for them .
POS	in intolerance , d . w . griffith told four different historical stories at the same time , cutting from one to the other .
NEG	but nether the less , armored guard couriers tom ( christian slater ) and his uncle are carrying three million dollars in the back of their van .
NEG	how a premise with such zest and bite can turn into a movie that doesn't feature any chemistry , any real laughs , any surprises or any spice is beyond me .
POS	possibly for days .
POS	lambeau's last hope is his old college roommate , now a psychology teacher at a small-time community college .
NEG	you see , the campus is a community made up almost entirely of young people all in the midst of strange hormonal surges percolating beneath the surface .
POS	after luke's family is killed by tropps from the dark side , ben decides to put luke through training to stop the dark side and destroy them once and for all .
NEG	knee-slap ! !
NEG	with advice from their roommates ( amanda detmer , jason biggs ) , ryan and jennifer attempt to discover the true meaning of their relationship .
POS	two people , john trager ( john cusack ) and sara thomas ( kate beckinsale , looking ever so hot ) , have a chance encounter over a pair of gloves -- with buck henry smack dab in the middle .
NEG	either this is a nod to the six-million dollar man , or a pathetic attempt to disguise the fact that jackie may be slowing down .
POS	event horizon is highly recommended ? ? but at your own risk !
NEG	the acting is incredibly reminiscent of fox prime-time soap operas , which no , is not a good thing .
NEG	the picture moves along very slowly also .
POS	he ignores the growing anti-semitism of the fascist government .
NEG	some guy in the back of the theater was talking on his cell phone , and this time i didn't particularly care all that much because what was happening on the screen was a steaming pile of unholy crap ; the audience around me chuckled and whispered sentiments similar to what i was thinking .
POS	stahl rarely appears to be puncturing veins for the thrill of it all in " permanent midnight " ; it's so he can talk to his mother on the phone , show up for work on time , even pay his bills .
POS	pfeiffer's performance is one that if not recognized by the academy next spring , will be in the heart's of any viewer that has watched this moving film .
NEG	using this approach , i was right three times and wrong only once .
POS	2 ) drew barrymore is great .
NEG	the sibling rivalry not only becomes little more than an excuse for one round of beatings after another , but there is no consistency to the characterizations .
NEG	robert forster plays a psychiatrist who picks up amanda plummer , and they head off on the road together .
NEG	there are a few clever moments ( although none of them are surfacing in my memory at the moment ) , and , as i said , the digital effects held my attention for at least five minutes .
NEG	pepper's is one to examine .
POS	christian instantly falls in love with her and satine finds herself smitten with him as well , which is quite a hindrance for someone in her profession .
NEG	event horizon is a mean-spirited , gory , sick excuse for a film .
NEG	consider it a hospitable gester , you won't waste your time renting this muck .
POS	and i applaud the filmmakers for not copping out and instead keeping the entire sequence in german with english subtitles .
NEG	he becomes a rapist .
POS	when he was timon in 1994's " the lion king " i would have sworn he was a comedian , and now in " stuart little " he brings the most out of snowball and makes him one of those characters we love to dislike .
NEG	while the stories are similar , the new version adds too much to the once likable story , and throws in some weak dialogue to top it off .
POS	the main characters in this " reality " - dayton ( a well-meaning but none too intelligent 24-year-old ) , a sleazy gangster ( who for some reason has two names but otherwise is pretty much a stock character ) , and his porn-star girlfriend ( the blond arquette ) - are nothing you couldn't find in any of the two dozen " pulp fiction " wannabes ; fortunately , the reappearance of the mystery man as well as some other typically lynchian elements , such as the strained , awkward conversations between pete and his parents , help to preserve the film's spooky , unnerving tone during this stretch .
NEG	brian de palma is a masterful technician .
NEG	everything else fails .
NEG	of course , you can't really blame the brass for the inclusion of jerry o'connell in this fine crew of thespians .
POS	this is director gregory hoblit's third film ( the other two being primal fear and fallen ) .
NEG	two things keep " john carpenter's ghosts of mars " from getting a huge slap upside the head .
POS	the image dissolves and we realise the thumping is the slow motion applause of a crowd .
NEG	the audience begins the film waiting for something to happen .
NEG	shortsighted , thrill seeker kip idolizes his brother , yet resents him for moving away from the family .
POS	elizabeth is surrounded by a keenly drawn cadre of subjects and advisers .
POS	stewart , in his minor time on screen , is great , and adams remains a joy to watch .
POS	he finds children of all ages living in fear and taking care of each other with the help of one adult .
NEG	in any case with makeup that stifles her usual pout , carter is just about as attractive as she has ever been in a film .
NEG	so , what's a kickboxing mercenary to do ?
POS	( michael redman has lost count of how many years he's been writing this column -- 21 years . . . 22 years -- while watching the sunflowers outside his window swaying in the cool breezes . )
NEG	54 is supposed to be an amazing insight into the world of the dance club of the same name , which originated in the 70s and closed down in the 80s .
POS	ramis has a knack for drawing laughs because he simply knows what's funny , and here he manages to accentuate the strengths of nearly all the actors .
NEG	a bruckheimer film has no use for hitchcock's notion that showing you the bomb under the desk creates a more interesting scene than just blowing up the desk ; a really , _really_ big desk and a really , _really_ big bomb will serve the purpose nicely .
NEG	any attempt at anything more substantial than broad comedy fizzles--darryl's romance with janice ( tamara taylor ) , a young woman who yearns for a man who is true to himself , does not generate sparks of any kind .
NEG	forget get carter .
POS	as the word implies , a masterpiece is any work which embodies the skills of a master .
NEG	when he brings this first news of the war in years to his fellow jews , they become convinced that he must have a radio , which is a punishable offense in the ghetto .
POS	and as the tension gradually formulates with the running time , a final battle is inevitable .
NEG	in a regular batman film , they'd concentrate on the relationship with the girlfriend a little more , but elle macpherson's julie madison is so limited here that we never get a real sense of who she is .
NEG	when he doesn't .
NEG	this results in a significant amount of parody , which contrasts sharply with the threat of the monster , and ends up just producing a mess .
POS	so far , so good .
POS	this one , as the multi-billionare hadden , does not do his acting skills justice .
POS	murphy excels at every corner , not only succeeding with presenting believable paranoia in the eyes of kit ramsey , but in creating a likable buffoon in jiff as well .
NEG	while lightning crackles quasi-ominously overhead .
NEG	someone near cell-phone-guy did eventually yell , " shut the hell up ! " , but it was a lot funnier when we thought he was talking to the screen .
NEG	one of jaws' great scenes involved the would-be-ahabs drinking and singing songs and telling stories .
POS	heavy spoiler . . .
POS	maybe it's just the english major in me , but chad , in his motiveless cruelty towards christine and his careful manipulation of howard , can be seen as a symbol of unbridled capitalism , of greed without conscience .
POS	what is thought ?
NEG	mary ann falls deeper into her madness as kevin spends more time away from home .
NEG	so he flew her dead body somewhere , but was shot down from the ground .
NEG	plotlines are developed , but each becomes totally irrelevant as the story changes from scenario to scenario .
POS	their goal : to save han solo ( harrison ford ) from the clutches of the intergalactic gangster jabba the hutt .
NEG	he starts his career off with a decent take on the " nightmare on elm street " series with his debut as director on installment number three .
POS	damon plays wet-behind-the-ears attorney rudy baylor , who , immediately after passing the bar exam , finds himself representing the mother ( mary kay place ) of a terminally ill young man ( john whitworth ) in a big-league suit against a negligent insurance company .
POS	but as foreseeable as the ending is , it's so damn cute and well-done that i doubt any movie in the entire year contains a scene the evokes as much pure joy as this part does .
POS	the politics of foster's character attempting to obtain funding for research at these places are trite and predictable however .
NEG	i've seen more convincing drama ( with nearly as much bare flesh ) on that pinnacle of narrative quality , baywatch .
NEG	in fact , if you want to see robbin's do comedy much better than in nothing to lose , i suggest you rent out the hudsucker proxy , where he is much funnier .
NEG	the script was the worst part .
POS	instead the town sacrifices a girl to the dragon , but of course , draco is a nice droagon , so he won't eat her . there is however a very amusing scene where draco is hitting on the young girl .
POS	the nights are quiet and misty and eerie and ghostly .
POS	there are parts that left me gasping for air because i was laughing so hard .
POS	oh , well .
POS	there chad suggests a scheme worthy of a shakespearean villain : he and howard will find a vulnerable single woman at the branch office , woo her simultaneously , win her love , and then dump her .
POS	of course , for a film of this genre to work properly , the technical aspects must be realistic enough for us to believe what we see .
NEG	i remember the first film primarily as a harrowing exercise in brutality .
POS	songs , for example ?
POS	it sucked me in , and it'll do the same to you .
POS	here is a man who's reached his limit , and his way of lashing back is by screwing over the entire political structure . ?
POS	this is why i believe non-fans have a hard time getting into star trek ; in order to enjoy it , one has to understand how to approach it .
NEG	get carter is a simple story .
NEG	sonya does her " kiss of death , " jax does his " earthquake , " liu kang does his " animality , " and so on .
NEG	much confusion and mahem ensues , as the death is covered up and other associates of danza's begin to emerge , all after one thing or another .
POS	the cavorting of toulouse-lautrec and his comrades gets strained at times and some of their overt comedy , accompanied by cartoon sound effects , is overly reminiscent of the frenzied farce that sitcoms like " bewitched " beat into the ground .
POS	there are some truly suspenseful and well-created scenes here ( late in the film , when they're in the alien spacecraft , you'll see one of the better action sequences in recent cinema ) .
POS	but among these friends , it is jim that is the most curious and the most fearful .
NEG	in the past , tim burton has taken cinema by storm with the action packed batman , and the hilarious ed wood , but lately his films just don't cut it .
NEG	throw in that hunk of a guy keanu reeves and a cast of wacky characters and poof !
POS	when i say " intellectual ground " , i don't mean that nosferatu tackles philosophical questions or anything like that , i just mean that in order for the film to work the way it was intended to , a little bit of thinking is involved .
POS	bob the happy bastard's quickie review :
NEG	three-quarters of the way through the show , while you're probably waiting for the next scene in a bar where robicheaux contemplates succumbing to the temptation of the whiskey bottle , getting drunk and beating up someone or getting beaten up , you'll want to beat on him a little yourself .
POS	the oavs and tv series were more cheerful , better-suited to humor ; the movie , however , makes everyone look a great deal less cute , and emphasizes that this is going to be , for the most part , a deadly serious storyline .
POS	lord lew , a big-time hollywood producer portrayed by orson welles , gives kermit his shot at stardom and gives him the go-ahead to produce a movie .
NEG	after escaping from a mental institution 'the thief' played by billy zane goes out in the real world and finds that it is pretty harsh and gritty .
POS	we're rooting for him right from the start , and , unlike most films of this genre , bacon doesn't play him as the " rebel without a clue " sort .
POS	the defendants are pawns in several games .
POS	the sunshine is exceptionally warm and abundant .
NEG	oddly , as a tough-guy thriller , it starves us for action .
POS	the revolution of modern technology has allowed for us to see society advanced at a rate far faster than any generation before us .
POS	rocky's wife complains to her husband that he should fight .
POS	especially robert carlyle as the sinister and intelligent cannibal , and guy pearce as the moral and honest soldier , nagged by his undeserved honor .
POS	this is no formula movie .
NEG	well , its main problem is that it's simply too jumbled .
NEG	a haunted house story in space isn't such a bad idea .
POS	following the path of his favorite story , called " baby's day out , " baby rides a bus and visits the zoo and winds up at a skyscraper construction site .
NEG	for instance , after successfully using a chainsaw to cut a hole in a door so that a group of people can escape noxious gases - she stands in the middle of the opening for about five minutes till someone reminds her that the people can't get ut till she get's the chainsaw out of their faces . . . . bang
NEG	theron's " advocate " character faced a similar dilemma , the horror there resonating strongly .
POS	stiller currently has three projects in circulation , and what other actor can lay claim to that ?
POS	( i do hope they do not use the tagline " don't mess with mr . in-between . " )
POS	shall we dance ?
POS	ok , let's get one thing straight right away : maximum risk is no battleship potemkin ( although it does have some russians in it ! ) , but it's not too bad , really .
NEG	but that's not the bad thing -- an unexpected side-effect of the drug sends him careening into paranoid megalomania .
POS	somehow , the cider house rules manages to keep an even keel in the face of the harsh subject matter and allows a substantial amount of heart to shine through .
NEG	it is .
NEG	i don't expect much from eddie murphy these days .
POS	now everyone can argue logic this and logic that all you want with the sci-fi elements of frequency .
NEG	a marvellous performance from a marvellous actress .
NEG	in nothing to lose , there is hardly chemistry at all .
POS	you'll appreciate the filmmaking craft , but don't expect to leave in an upbeat mood .
POS	( in order to watch those tapes , giles must buy a vcr , but he initially doesn't realize that he needs a tv to use the vcr . )
NEG	of course , the ads make it seem like so much more .
POS	it's pretty obvious what the outcome will be , but when a film changes your whole perspective on something you consume every day of your life , you can afford to cut it a little slack .
NEG	then , throw into the mix the femme fatale ( gershon ) .
NEG	" you better hold on to your joystick , " is one such line .
POS	as you probably already know , will smith and tommy lee jones ( agents k and j , respectively ) belong to a top secret agency known as divison 5 , or it's nickname mib ( men in black . )
NEG	caulder starts out doing the evaluation merely for the purpose of furthering his career .
NEG	i only wish that i could pretend never to have seen this movie . . .
POS	young kids may be disturbed by the site of a dismembered head , but a good deal of humor is derived ( more appropriate for adults , of course ) .
POS	miraculous .
NEG	the plot may be new to british crime films , but it would be overly familiar as a western .
POS	the make-up effects are particularly good in these scenes as well , with flawless squib work on display from the effects team .
NEG	there doesn't seem to be much going on .
NEG	.
POS	helecopters flying over the streets of volcanos .
NEG	maybe the reason for the utter lack of suspense here is the hyams's tone , which is unreasonably dark and brooding when you consider the reader's digest condensed version of the story that he gives us .
POS	they both have strong-willed redheaded heroines , they both exploit the class differences between the aristocracy and the slaves/steerage bums , they were both incredibly expensive and popular . . .
NEG	after being pushed off the ravine , the bad guy is of course assumed dead .
NEG	there's lots of shooting and some kung fu fightin' , but none of it progresses beyond the level of a cheap direct-to-cable flick .
NEG	however , the raucous and often raunchy comedy is wrapped in a blanket of bogus sincerity .
POS	( ha ha ha .
NEG	it should have been animated , if it should have been done at all .
NEG	bobby takes to the road , only to meet up with jake again , and jake asks bobby to kill grace .
POS	what planet are you from ?
POS	and the magnifying scene shows an ant disintegrate in the beam of sunlight .
NEG	all that , the depth and true horror of the book is gone and only special effects make you remain in your seat .
NEG	i frequently am surprised to find out how short a film script is and how much of the pages are empty space .
POS	how scientists were so accurately able to predict when this catastrophic event would occur is never explained .
NEG	one day , his friends decide that they want to find out how to be a player .
NEG	the characters are drawn with obvious , broad strokes , and the plot is bogged down with everything humanly imaginable .
NEG	so , if you're hankering for a large bucket of popcorn served with a side of silliness , then this might just hit the spot .
NEG	before long , he starts mailing photographs of the lonely , unsuspecting young women who are his intended windy city victims , challenging spader , along with the chicago police department , to stop him within 24 hours before he strikes again .
NEG	there's nothing more to him .
NEG	someone get me my lithium !
NEG	already , the alien is communicating with aki through her dreams .
POS	as with virtually all burton movies , we are treated to a wonderful score by composer danny elfman , who has once again poured excitement and imagination into an atmospheric soundtrack that accentuates the gothic mood perfectly .
POS	it is like ten movies all rolled into one , and it's no wonder it took america by storm in the summer of 1975 , taking in enough money to crown it the box office champ of all time ( until it was unceremoniously dethroned in 1977 by " star wars " ) .
NEG	there's an ok soundtrack featuring music from collective soul , foo fighters , green day and aaliyah but it's not as impressive as one would expect from a mtv film .
NEG	incompetent matching of film stocks .
POS	hello ? i was in the office and it was the middle of the day .
POS	his son has a white girlfriend and complains of racism when fang encourages him to befriend an asian girl .
NEG	even worse , the only compatible donor is violent sociopath peter mccabe ( michael keaton ) , currently serving a life sentence for multiple murders and other various crimes against society .
NEG	guile ( jean claude van-damme ) takes his troops to attack bison's main base in an attempt to liberate the innocent villages he has taken over .
POS	fine voice work is turned in by young eli marienthal as hogarth , and jennifer aniston is surprisingly convincing as his waitress mother .
POS	it has wonderful and mature characters , that few horror film s can boast of and a strangely effective story that continues to electrify you till the end .
NEG	in some ways , it's difficult to judge this film .
NEG	harry assembles the obligatory " ragtag " bunch of " cowboys " , including a blond guy , a fat guy , a black guy , a wiseass , and the man who is sleeping with his daughter ( affleck ) .
POS	janeane garofalo is wasted--and miscast--as a heavily-bespectacled hollywood talent agent who fails to get her hooks into the doped-up wordsmith , and that's stahl himself playing a jaded clinic counselor .
NEG	" batman forever " was fun .
POS	this is a fun little feature .
NEG	and the lamest fight involved two of the women in what turns into a mud-wrestling match .
NEG	janeane garofalo , for example , is no less wonderful an actress because she could have never pulled off stone's part in basic instinct ; neither is stone any less talented because she couldn't do garofalo's comedic roles .
POS	he learned how to deal with the furnace .
POS	we watch as two white men perform the gruesome task of dismembering the bodies of three black men .
NEG	what happened ?
POS	a colonization process , if you will .
POS	during the chaos , computer technician apollonia james ( linda griffiths ) maintains contact with fingal through a datalink , manifesting several different times to offer advice or warnings .
POS	downy has mastered the gleefully dry hyper articulate wit of many a hipster intellectual .
POS	since linklater only spends a few minutes with each character , the introduction of the new characters gets repetitive after a while .
NEG	these tv scenes were not only bad stereotype scenes of tv honchos , they were revolting .
POS	okay .
POS	the idea for in & out was born the day tom hanks won his oscar for portraying an aids-afflicted gay man in philadelphia .
POS	gregory hoblit's fallen is a serial killer movie with an unusual , horrific twist .
POS	it is spoon who plays conscience to stretch's pure appetite , and roth plays stretch with a gleeful self-destructiveness ( he reveals that he is hiv positive even as he is preparing to shoot up again ) which is as much an obstacle to spoon's goal as any agency or enemy .
NEG	c -- $2 . 50 .
POS	the plot sounds average , just like most other kidnap movies that you've already seen , and it was nothing more than that .
POS	on the whole , home alone is a great holiday movie .
NEG	well , it doesn't really matter , 'cause when writer/first-time director jeb stuart ( die hard ) finally spills the beans , you won't take his choice seriously anyway .
POS	( those easily offended by gore should stay away . )
POS	kudos to the people involved in this film , especially to director peter cattaneo for being able to put together an excellent film which is has so much potential in ending up as your just-another-striptease .
POS	the rushed ending was the only mistake of this otherwise memorable jewison classic .
POS	there's a lot to like about this movie .
NEG	a dumb one !
POS	it's up to asuma shinohara , labor command officer with sv2 and the son of the president of shinohara heavy industries , to find the source of these problems before more labors--including sv2's own--fall victim to them , and before hos drags his father's company down with it .
NEG	the movie finally dissolves into a really bad hallmark family special about realizing who you are and what you can be in this world -- with enough soft lighting and people on the verge of tears in every scene .
NEG	for example , look at sam raimi .
NEG	frankly , i'd be embarrassed if i had directed this turkey , so i think i understand why the director might have picked the " alan smithee " moniker for this film .
POS	it's a rarity that a film so completely immerses itself into a protagonist's warped perspective of his surrounding , and high contrast black-and-white cinematography combined with constant usage of extreme close-ups lend a heightened sense of paranoia to the proceedings .
NEG	pacino's comical portrayal is spirited , but the vanity of his character begins to shift the focus of the movie .
POS	while the two can never be completely honest with each other , their love for each other comes through strongly .
POS	but in movies like this , when is the plot important ?
NEG	the film suffers from annoying performances by bernard bresslaw and especially kenneth cope .
POS	cynthia invites hortense to come along to a party , which maurice is hosting . . .
NEG	the story , such that there is one , is about a large , stolen ruby , which looks a woolworth reject .
NEG	hollywood has already screwed up " the avengers , " and " the prisoner " represents a chance for redemption .
NEG	" i would appreciate it if you didn't do that again . "
POS	the film plays like a rock opera , much like their " jesus christ superstar , " with many giant musical sequences just like the old musicals , even if they do possess very intelligent lyrics , which create not only an intellectually enlightening experience , but also a very entertaining one .
POS	the big hit is quite the opposite .
NEG	his bothersome and depressing character , made me disgusted at his 20 million fee .
NEG	i'll go out on a limb here and say i suspect there's actually more character development in the video game than the movie proper .
POS	in addition , fallen is saddled with the same kind of disgustingly bland , generic theology embraced by numerous movies and tv shows like touched by an angel .
NEG	this picture was so bad , it inspired the description for my 1/10 rating ( see ratings chart below ) .
POS	however , the writing quite makes up for it .
NEG	still besieged by nightmarish memories of the man responsible for it all , she seems to be on the verge of a nervous breakdown .
NEG	because we've seen the tv ads for deep impact , ads that feature freeman telling the nation that " the comet is still headed right for us " and show disaster shots of the comet striking earth and the giant tidal wave spreading .
POS	he says to a black congregation " . . . if you can't cut down on malt liquor and chicken wings and get behind someone other than a running back who stabs his wife , you're never gonna get rid of me . " )
POS	in fact i would guess to say that there is more in alien 3 than either of the earlier two .
POS	although kaufman enjoyed support of nasa and american military , which provided authentic locations and period equipment , he still had to use special effects in order to simulate space flights .
POS	either way , it's been done before , a trio of losers cracking jokes and complaining about their failed romances , yet it remains consistently funny .
POS	from start to finish , this is clearly hurt's movie ? he's in almost every frame .
NEG	i asked myself the same question , having spent 99 cents renting this turkey .
POS	the movie features only a couple of songs , fewer than most previous disney animated flicks , but mulan's are winners .
POS	dave and gerald too have problems of their own .
NEG	mercifully the movie drags to a final confrontation in times square , trying unsuccessfully to build tension to the countdown toward the year 2000 .
POS	it wouldn't be the first time that the public took the better scripted and well-acted movie version of an event as the absolute truth over the duller and far less artistic real life version .
NEG	welcome to your oh-so typical sequel .
NEG	this seems to be more of a visual film .
POS	when " frequency " gets cooking , it's a riveting little thriller , even if it is confusing .
NEG	the acting is forgettable .
NEG	the climax is followed by 15 minutes of epilogue that does little but weaken the already labored tale .
NEG	however , the young writer has a severe case of writer's block , and blames it on the fact that his love life is struggling as well .
POS	not recommended for viewers with sensitive ears .
POS	the truman show is a film best viewed cold , with as little foreknowledge as possible about the plot .
NEG	i help them remember . "
NEG	it's never moving because it doesn't give us anything to be moved by .
POS	fortunately , these are inconsistencies which only attract attention as the credits roll .
NEG	rock does get the chance to do some fun schtick , such as his turnaround on wellington's plans for a poor neighborhood hospital ( 'bullet in the head ?
NEG	for those who thought that the 1968 version was not very faithful to the book , burton's new version is even less faithful .
NEG	sidney poitier is given a completely unplayable role , that of a man who is just stern sometimes , and other times more giving and likable .
NEG	the film's science fares badly .
NEG	let me clear things up for you cupcake , this isn't a bad b-movie , it's a really bad b-movie .
POS	will charles kill charlie first , or will she get him out of town .
NEG	" i love l . a . " ?
POS	it works less well as drama , since by necessity the characters in an allegory tend to be flat ciphers .
NEG	the supporting cast fares well .
POS	kidman knows a star-making role when she sees it and she plays the conscience-deprived suzanne as the ultimate career driven , post-feminist uber-temptress from hell .
NEG	but at least they didn't spend 60 bucks for it .
NEG	however , once he learns his would-be girlfriend's dark secret , he wishes he hadn't .
NEG	first of all , the trailer of this film gives away the movie's main plot twist , the betrayal .
POS	richard figures out who the killer is and confronts him , and although we get a typical fight scene , the case is far from solved .
NEG	unfortunately , the twilight murders is still routine and formulaic television film , that uses sensationalist real life content in order to cover lack of originality in the script .
POS	the visual aspect of the film is beyond reproach .
NEG	there are storyboard comparisons on this dvd .
POS	with the use of ironic soundtrack , manipulative shots , character's dialogue or narrator's commentary , goodfellas represents the new standards of black humour that would became very popular few years later during tarantino era .
NEG	heck , even roger moore shows up , though he can't decide if he's parodying himself as james bond , or if he's lobbying to be the reincarnation of ernst stavro blofeld .
NEG	when he's had enough of their unjustified attacks , he tells the angry mob that there's been a mistake and he won't be marrying any of them .
POS	bore is perhaps too strong a word .
POS	it is this bleak ending that carries the film's most powerful message : the message that , despite what you may be able to momentarily do to put your own mind to rest , evil will still be with us ( and in many forms ) and there is very little than can be done to eradicate it entirely .
POS	they put down their little brother and most of the other sane people in the world .
POS	production values are first rate on what must be a small , by us standards , budget .
POS	it works as an action flick , visually eye-popping and often paralyzingly exciting ; it also works as an elicitor of memories , a piece of exquisite nostalgia .
NEG	not only is it stupid , but it's against the law .
NEG	the last line ( or near to that honor ) is the great butler , alfred ( the ubergod , michael gough ) saying , " i think we need a bigger bat cave , " or something to that note .
POS	as miranda , sally field is solid in a background role , and pierce brosnan is nicely understated as stu .
NEG	if you think naked gun star leslie nielsen is a dubious choice to play the role of the short guy who runs into walls , you are right , but there is an even more astonishing selection .
NEG	sylvester has broken out and managed to elude several security guards with his amazing intellect and kung-fu tactics .
POS	although jackie brown marks mr . tarantino's first produced screenplay adaptation ( based on the elmore leonard novel " rum punch " ) , there's no mistaking his distinctive fingerprints all over this film .
POS	jay tries to put the moves on justice , but he doesn't stay in command of the situation for long .
NEG	with paul sorvino . "
NEG	the royal musketeers have lost their gusto , what with their jobs being taken over by the cardinal's own guards .
POS	kevin asks the man to pass on his request - he wants his family back - to the real santa .
NEG	suffice to say , the characters are strictly two-dimensional , and we therefore don't expect anything more than the obvious to happen .
POS	the other answers , " they're perfect for each other . "
NEG	the only good laugh is when his tongue is burned by a 'pod' racer , because i knew he wouldn't be able to talk for a while .
NEG	the film poses the question " what if the life you're living now is really a dream , and your dreams reality ? "
POS	hamlet also seems to be a film in which someone tried to stuff as many well known actors as possible .
POS	and his subtle disgust with her is apparent , although he tries to mask it between the lines and attempts to put on a happy face .
NEG	the film sagged in the middle of the story from the weight of its tedium , and eventually landed on its rear end with its unspectacular climax .
NEG	( pun intended .
NEG	however , looks can't save this film from the depths of mediocre , and the film seemed to work better in a single set anyway .
POS	but perhaps it isn't a mistake .
POS	there's an old role-playing computer game called `d ? ja v ? ' wherein the player takes on the role of a man who can't remember who he is , where he is and how he got there .
POS	of course the politics are all wrong .
POS	in the hands of a mere mortal , the gingerbread man would have been a routine thriller , no better or worse than the countless others we've all endured .
POS	at the same time he creates a very human character , a brilliant and tortured man that is caught in the dirty game of politics , which is here pictured as a wild animal .
NEG	great detail is given about superman's proposed role in the original script before reeve ( wisely ) dropped out .
POS	" the gift , " directed by sam raimi , is a tried-and-true effort that surprises very little , and includes everything from a wide array of suspects and red herrings , to mansions in the deep south with moss trees out front , to the eventual discovery of a waterlogged corpse found in a nearby pond .
NEG	stupid plot , inane characters who aren't interesting at all , etc , etc , etc . the only good thing about this is it has a good cast which , in turn , it wastes pitifully .
POS	high points for me include a bit involving kathy bates as a roadside squirrel salesperson and an intricately set up gag that carries jon lovitz and family from a bizarre museum to an outdoor rally , with an utterly tasteless and screamingly funny pay-off .
POS	but first the basics .
POS	a movie theater in seattle , as part of an asian film festival .
POS	not helping matters is the tiresome cochran character , an eccentric whose drunken schtick starts out funny but becomes too one-note after a while .
NEG	the film starts off with gerard trying to capture snipes , but then veers off into terrorists territory .
POS	upon finding her , he too is lovestruck , and so pursues her , lying about his occupation and getting his teeth capped .
NEG	along now comes `down to you' .
NEG	in the words of one of the characters , they're " more than meets the eye . "
NEG	vince is convinced that he sees jesus on a regular basis , cesar yells at the sky in spanish when he is angry , and grace tries to sell her inventions to hotel owner robert wagner .
NEG	national spy ring ?
POS	go right ahead .
POS	the problem with many so-called " uplifting " films is that they attempt to force their mediciney goodness down your throat .
NEG	when i originally saw the trailer for " analyze this " a few months ago , i must admit , i thought it looked kind of lame .
NEG	if you expect it to be good ( for whatever reasons you may have ) , you'll probably hate it more than i will .
POS	the supporting cast does well and zemeckis throws in some humor with some president clinton cameos , cleverly manipulated , george stephanopolus-style , to seem very forrest gump .
POS	martin scorsese's kundun , which chronicles roughly the first twenty years of the life of the currently exiled dalai lama , has been criticized for its lack of narrative structure .
NEG	whatever .
NEG	is it needless of me to say that superior , arizona , is not exactly the shiny scrubbed home of all things lovely ?
NEG	that is because " metro " takes itself seriously , but doesn t prevent itself from having a little fun .
NEG	there's a word for people like you , nicolas .
POS	when he turns up dead , everyone ( including the audience ) must figure out whodunnit . . .
POS	a psychological thriller that will scare you to the depth of your soul !
POS	the costumes look great , the sets look great , the cgi graphics look great .
NEG	from the way this movie is made , i'd have guessed that spike lee was trying to tell us something , but as i searched deeper it became clear that there is very little there to find .
NEG	trust me .
NEG	the film brazenly uses little simcha to get across its agenda of pointing out how the patriarchal world can be cruel when it can't love : it starts out by showing how under chaja's loving care he's taken to the duck pond and soon starts jabbering away , beginning by saying 'quack , quack' and then going on to ask the four questions during a passover seder .
POS	he's not very good , but it is his first try and at least he's not embarrassingly bad .
POS	however , the cinematography by gabriel beristain is wonderful--i particularly like the chilling ice-blue hue permeating the present-day scenes , contrasting well with the many nova scotia ocean shots--and danny elfman provides a surprisingly understated score for the film .
NEG	i liked the guy in jerry maguire as well as in as good as it gets but here he fails to project any shred of credibility or real feeling .
POS	the last member of the crew is erica , a young beautiful witch-wannabe , who constantly quotes from the wiccan lore , saying " the first rule of wicca is , do no harm , because whatever you do will come back to you threefold . "
POS	he runs into the last dragon in existence , and there is a genuinely amusing battle between the two which results in a standoff where quaid is in the dragons mouth , but has his sword pointed at the dragons brain .
NEG	and they find an alien lifeform on board that comes in the form of energy , has taken over all the machines on board , have meshed the machines with parts from corpses , and have deemed humankind their enemy because of a misquote in the dictionary ( ha ha ) .
NEG	so last night i walked into the video store and saw alicia's pretty face on the cover of some made-for-video thriller called the babysitter .
NEG	the writers and directors knew the limitations of both their cast and of the basic story itself , and they didn't try to overachieve .
POS	the second cop retrieves the first cop's weapon , the suspect lowers his , and the woman caught in the middle moves--in slow motion--to safety .
POS	+mary+ is the sweetest , warmest , all-out laugh-and-grossfest this side of _animal house_ .
POS	whether fending off unctuous suitors or " playing " the houses in court , blanchett's elizabeth radiates a confidence which impossible to dislike .
POS	it's nice to see that beatty can laugh at himself .
POS	with 'twister' , 'dante's peak' , 'volcano' and soon 'flood' and james cameron's extremly expensive 'titanic'
POS	i am among that group , but alien 3 is an extremely entertaining film , which critics have bashed for its originality .
NEG	nearly every single scene is a huge plot twist guaranteed to leave you guessing , or at least curious to see the next turn , throughout the entire movie .
POS	then they have to get the toys .
NEG	so you can't call it a sex flick .
POS	the detailed character analyses and the powerful script make " magnolia " memorable .
NEG	yup , adolf hitler , the luftwaffe and the wehrmacht .
NEG	the humor in my giant isn't the world's greatest .
NEG	if it's not this , the exaggeration about what is real is usually greater than you would expect .
NEG	then , have ben affleck actually say that line , on film , and forget to leave it on the cutting room floor .
POS	if you expecting changes from the show keep looking .
POS	it's easy to see mrs .
POS	he gives a short monologue about what it means for him to be an artist , and delivers it with such inspiration and conviction that you actually get to feel some of what he feels .
POS	watching this movie made me feel like a kid again , dreaming and fantasizing about fighting the bad guys , travelling to different countries , making the impossible , possible !
NEG	conclusion : what's the moral here ?
NEG	a bizarre nightmare sequence , which is probably meant to be symbolic but instead is just incredibly stupid , ensues , during which glen/glenda finds his fiance trapped under a fallen tree-in the living room .
NEG	a comedy ?
NEG	and he's obi wan ke- friggin-nobi for god's sake .
NEG	rob schneider plays his sidekick , although i had no idea who he really was by the end of the film .
POS	most notably is barbara fitts ( allison janney ) , the almost catatonic wife of retired marine colonel fitts .
NEG	i wrote the above sentence in my review for 1997's batman and robin .
NEG	this movie tries to be horrifying , thrilling , and dramatic all at the same time .
POS	based on graham greene's novel of the same name , the film mainly follows 3 characters .
POS	the leader of harold's planet ( ben kingsley ) tells him to marry her , and harold is soon exposed to all the " joys " of married life .
POS	whatever hunt did , she brought out the naturalism in all of the actors .
NEG	the drunken father thinks she's just the thing to recapture his lost youth , her boyfriend lets his imagination run wild while spying on alicia from outside , even the prepubescent boy looks in on alicia through the bathroom keyhole while she's taking her bubble bath .
NEG	first troy beyer wrote the critically panned " b . a . p . s . "
POS	why continue to build such machines of mass destruction while already possessing enough of them to destroy the world several times over ?
POS	kapur and his cinematographer remi adefarasin ( neither of whom i have heard ) create a beautifully realized piece of filmmkaing from the technical side .
POS	the movie reminds us of the sacrifices made by our ww ii fighting men and women .
NEG	in the book the apes had their own language and the human eventually learned that language .
POS	an extremely well shot and acted film that is boring , or a really amateurish film that you wanna go back to again and again ?
NEG	and , in the future , it's also the name of a spaceship that vanished when it tried to go faster than the speed of light by traversing through its own portable black hole .
POS	for them , this is their ticket to america , to a better life .
POS	synopsis : upper middle class , suburban family man lester ( kevin spacey ) realizes that he is just going through the motions : he is unable to feel passion ; he is soulless , cynical , and no longer able to feel the edge between success and failure .
POS	other scenes merely traffic in everything-and-the-kitchen-sink overload .
POS	the thing is , ordell is in this for no one more than himself , and as we learn from his previous actions , he's willing to kill anyone who stands in the way .
NEG	douglas's character is foulmouthed and bitter and that's it ; stone's character has an iron-on smile that never changes ; the rest are forgettable .
NEG	christopher lambert plays a computer-parts salesman who's on business in japan .
NEG	not even the unintentionally funny moments work .
NEG	to my sensibilities - and i'm no stick in the mud - much ado about nothing resonates with no spark whatsoever .
POS	forget about the large coke , you won=92t want to leave for that five minute break an hour later .
POS	the film begins with a modern day excavation of sorts of the sunken titanic .
POS	indeed his return to the 'normal' world is accelerated by his chance meetings with two very special women .
NEG	not only are they in it , however , but de mornay executive produced it .
NEG	michael madsen is also good as an associate of danza's who spends half the movie buddying up to him and the other half trying to kill him .
NEG	meanwhile local director adam kesher ( justin theroux ) has problems of his own .
POS	owen gleiberman of entertainment weekly commented on the subject : " it makes you wonder what kidnappers did before cell phones . "
POS	the story of us is one of 1999's most real , yet funny films , as the razor sharp script evens out the laughs and the tears to keep the viewer hooked .
NEG	his almost-witty one-liners to serious willis , who scowls and mopes and demonstrates psychotic tendencies : at one point he chases after affleck with his shotgun for screwing his daughter , firing often and causing significant damage to his oil rig .
NEG	the magazine article and the film script are two very different media .
POS	all done in a comic fashion , of course .
NEG	" neil simon's the odd couple ii " is no exception to the rule .
POS	the latest tony scott movie , enemy of the state , doesn't make it to that level .
NEG	once the marital discord begins , the film seems as if it was editted with a machete , stopping and starting , never regaining its rhythm .
POS	but the fact of the matter is that time travel has never been achieved .
POS	i freely acknowledge that " frequency " may best work as a " guy " movie , since it focuses on the very male-oriented idea of father-son relationships ( echoes of " field of dreams " can be easily heard ) , but the underlying concept is universally applicable .
POS	but believe me , this isn't your regular south park tv show , and should not be seen by anyone under 14 or more .
NEG	jessica lange is one of the most inconsistent actresses working today .
NEG	close-ups are framed oh-so-carefully to include her million dollar bazooms .
POS	there's also a good soundtrack running through , by jerry goldsmith ( the omen , poltergeist , star trek : the motion picture )
NEG	how nice it was of the filmmakers to give us those .
POS	and matt damon's will hunting uses pugnaciousness to supplant the blandness of chris o'donnell's charlie .
NEG	based on their experience of a friend making a major marital mistake , the story is centered on the three , life long amigos .
NEG	in our heavily consumer oriented society , there is an enormous demand to churn out " stuff . "
POS	however , when henry falls under her care , her outlook begins to change .
POS	however , as a director nora ephron is a bit uneven .
POS	after emptying out his life savings , the hapless producer tells the remaining cast and crew that ramsey is involved , and then prepares to film the movie without the star's knowledge .
NEG	at least none of the sex fanatasies ever leave the realm of the pg-rated .
POS	the supporting cast is professional , but mostly anonymous -- other than kathy bates as the unsinkable molly brown , there's no moment when you stop and say , oh , yeah , i know him , what's he been in .
POS	to see that anderson is able to perfectly portray this many different types of people shows that he has a keen sense of diversity .
NEG	* * a little creaky , but still better than staying at home with gotcha !
NEG	freeman , one of the best cinematic thespians working today , looks suitably embarrassed to be here , but i suppose everyone needs a good paycheck from time-to-time .
POS	at the end of the film , i was involved in the characters , and i was satisfied with the outcome .
POS	the portrayal of all the other characters in the movie , including a death , is to further the development of camille's and stepahne's characters .
POS	katie holmes is a student with a major crush on the professor , but her character goes nowhere .
POS	gridlock'd's most cruelly comic scene finds stretch " helping " spoon get into an emergency room by repeatedly stabbing him with a tiny pocket knife , and it becomes an appropriate symbol for how the company he keeps has slowly drained the life out of him .
POS	then there are the parents who buy a little girl as a pet for there young daughter .
POS	it's main problem is that it's quickly forgettable , and i can't remember one truly good scene from it .
POS	it's ambitious to make it 54 years after the events it covers .
NEG	the biggest difference between the original , biblical story and this version is that moses has some semblance of divinity in the bible , whereas the animated version gives the impression of a reluctant hero .
POS	is a fairly lightweight experience , which makes its final half hour rather a long sit .
POS	stuart's relatives are a mess : his dad and brother ( harris yulin and vincent d'onofrio , respectively ) are alcoholics , his sister is overweight and getting over another divorce , and his mom is in constant self-denial and solves all perceived problems by baking .
POS	the sound of the windshield wipers fades up over his voice .
NEG	he seems dumb and misguided , and his voice never changes tone .
POS	despite the things he later does , it is to the credit of earth that it does not simply denounce dil navaz and those like him , but shows how circumstances can make decent enough men do monstrous things .
NEG	bang . . . . . was the sequence where the cruise liner sideswipes the oil tanker .
POS	i just don't feel the need to go there , because it seems so obvious .
NEG	anyway , part 3 takes place a day after the events of part 2 ( so technically still 1985 ) .
POS	there are some other great moments .
NEG	the computer-generated world within carl's mind could have been a bizarre , surreal universe governed by insanity and symbolism rather than logic .
NEG	starring : jamie lee curtis , william baldwin , donald sutherland , joanna pacula , sherman augustus , marshall bell , cliff curtis , julio oscar mechoso
POS	this time around they may be a little too anthropomorphized .
NEG	he convinces his wife , mary ann ( charlize theron ) to make the move to new york .
POS	perhaps the apparitions seem more ghastly to us , at first , than they really are because we're looking at the situation through the eyes of an eight-year-old .
POS	back at home , " uncle " felix ( cheech marin ) shows up to reveal mom and dad's secret to the kids .
POS	richard curtis has tapped into fantasy we all have considered , and for at least its first half-hour the picture's " beauty and the beast " -like scenario is ( romantic ) escapism of the highest order .
POS	while trying to woo penny back , roger must deal with the police and try to find the killer that lurks at wbn .
NEG	i left disappointed .
POS	the common climax itself is ambiguous in many ways and it fails to really tie up any of the stories .
NEG	most disappointing is that the screenplay is by david webb peoples who wrote " blade runner " , possibly the best science fiction movie ever made .
NEG	snake eyes falls into the horrid category , but there are a couple of moments that are worth seeing strictly for their film-school degree-of-difficulty value .
NEG	from the writer/director of " blue velvet " and " twin peaks " comes another dark , mysterious thriller that opens with an automobile accident on mulholland drive , the serpentine street that twists high in the hollywood hills .
POS	within the dream , there are a number of inset stories , most told by dream-rosaleen's grandmother ( angela lansbury ) , and these tales gloss the central story in intriguing , suggestive ways .
POS	there is not a single likable character in the film .
NEG	no matter .
POS	occasionally , we get a film that does manage it .
NEG	the conclusion of " bully " offers up literal snapshots of information about the sentences imposed on each of the protagonists for their involvement in the crime .
NEG	remember him ?
POS	cameron diaz makes her totally charming , and the audience respects her , even though women in general do not usually undress before an open window .
NEG	i enjoyed the fact that everyone in the hallway quickly steers out of her way .
NEG	big daddy is really nothing special , and is not even worth it for a few chuckles .
NEG	( i've never understood the reasoning behind this tactic , since good notices have never been key to the success of movies like the crow . )
NEG	it's been a while since i walked away from a movie theater in an angry mood .
NEG	a la mel gibson in lethal weapon , beck is an emotional wreck , complete with violent outbursts , unscrupulous police methods , and a bleak outlook on life .
NEG	the actors are good , though - leo rossi is fine as usual , and william forsythe plays one of more compelling villains in his career .
POS	secondly , i was surprised at mel gibson's performance .
POS	smith is also good , although she has a fairly small role .
POS	tam see is the most powerful gangster in town , having control of the center of the city and having an alliance with the british army .
NEG	another thing that people are starting to realize about explicit sex in movies is that unless it is critically important to the story , it's insanely dull .
POS	note : when i wrote my review of mulan a year ago , i went off on the promotional and merchandising tie-ins prevalent with the release of a disney animated feature .
POS	i wish branagh had chosen to allow us to envision in our own minds the scene which heston lays out , and let the venerable actor have the attention .
POS	the pace is fast enough , there are some " action " scenes .
NEG	who bought david s . goyer's anemic script , anyway ?
NEG	however , she has relationship with rich and powerful jonathan ashby ( steven bauer ) .
NEG	director michael caton-jones ( who directed the far superior " rob roy " ) has made a film that is made very couple months , one that is unentertaining , unintriguing , and pretty much cold , but will nevertheless make money because , hey , the trailers do make it look like it may be fun in that kind of retro-clancy kinda way .
POS	it should actually come to no surprise to anyone that the director of this movie comes from a music video background , with plenty , and i mean plenty , of camera tricks , cuts and edits , but for this kind of flick , it actually works .
POS	schwartzman plays max , a student who is more interested in his extra-curricular activities ( such as writing edgy plays like " serpico " and being president of the rushmore beekeepers ) but sees his grades suffer as a result .
NEG	children as pawns have become a most unwelcome clich ? in recent films .
POS	that vibrant spirit is present here , shown in well-timed and carefully planned chase scenes that give the movie an aura of sheer speed .
NEG	during the summer just after high school graduation , they take a fateful drive down a dark mountain highway .
POS	consider this : since july of last year , i've seen dozens upon dozens of " blair witch project " parodies , on television , on the radio , and online .
POS	they pack a ton of detail into the images , especially during scenes involving mummies rendered completely by cgi .
POS	tyler durden , for all his dionysian allure , is really nothing more than the logical ( and far less hypocritical ) extrapolation of all those self-help gurus who constantly show up on oprah to preach their me-first gospel of self-actualization .
NEG	perhaps the movie was trying to be thought provoking , and trying to avoid the 'predator' type movie it could easily have become .
POS	* * * * * perfection .
NEG	the film , based on michael crichton's best selling novel , eaters of the dead was shot under that name some three years ago , and after numerous rewrites not only does the dialogue seem completely phony , but the plot is incredibly difficult to follow .
POS	it should come as no surprise that hanks the director works well with the actors , eliciting charming , likable work from the entire cast , most notably hanks lookalike scott and tyler , who is remarkable in delivering the film's biggest and best dramatic moment .
POS	his father wants him to play the very demanding rachmaninov's 3rd , whilst his teacher wants to start him with a simple mozart .
NEG	topless women talk about their lives falls into that category that i mentioned in the devil's advocate : movies that have a brilliant beginning but don't know how to end .
POS	in a recent string of movies , hitmen are suddenly wise- cracking , fun-loving killers-with-hearts .
NEG	oddly , the inclusion of the human element actually pollutes the purity of the mortal kombat essence .
POS	remember that this was all done the old-fashioned way , with actual humans moving clay figurines around on a tiny set bit by painstaking bit , and you see just how truly remarkable " chicken run " really is .
POS	everyone has had to evacuate because it's raining , and now floodwaters are rising so high that buildings are being submerged and the nearby dam is about to break .
NEG	for shooting reese's little toe off !
NEG	as in , there isn't any to be had for the audience .
NEG	surprising really , when the effects are done by industrial light & magic , who did the effects for the lost world and twister .
POS	the other area i found troubling came in the portrayal of lord farquaad .
NEG	it's also the fourth worst in the series ( and second worst from joel ) .
POS	he starts off as racist and blind as the other townspeople .
NEG	if " i know what you did last summer , " however effective , was just the kind of movie that those subversive " scream " flicks poked fun at , then the deadly " i still know what you did last summer " deserves a full-blown roasting on " mystery science theatre 3000 . "
POS	in a whirlwind tour of the town , george sees what life would be like without him .
POS	like astronaut leo davidson ( wahlberg ) , the film hits the ground running , whisking viewers through a head-spinning series of solid one-liners and engaging vignettes and establishing a sense of thrust that carries us through the more traditional fight scenes that come later .
NEG	best moment though comes when supergirl decides to put a bra on over her school uniform and starts stuffing it with socks .
NEG	if you've made celebrated films , don't do an ensemble piece .
NEG	we never really care .
NEG	it's also a shame when decent directors with good movies under their belts go to seed and become television and sequel hacks .
POS	as with " save the last dance , " " crazy/beautiful " ( god , how i hate lower-case titles ) takes situations that look stale on paper and makes them seem fresh .
NEG	the acting in this entertaining yet poor film is often thin to the point that it would not have survived even in queen elizabeth's theatres .
NEG	in fact , i may even recommend the film for those who want to see how bad effects can actually get these days .
POS	noir is one of the few truly american movie genres , aside from the hollywood musical and the western .
NEG	the situations are painfully contrived , the main characters are lifted right out of sit-coms , and the supporting players are so incredibly stupid that i wondered whether they all participated in some kind of " free lobotomy " lab experiment .
POS	she , in her colorful demeanor , offers a service that is unheard of in the states .
NEG	" species ii " is worthless .
POS	daniel's frantic attempt to fool a court officer is wonderful , as is the climactic restaurant sequence , even though i saw the resolutions coming a mile away .
POS	in shall we dance ? , writer/director masayuki suo dispenses with it in a matter of minutes , using it to set up later character interactions rather than letting it overwhelm the story with pratfalls .
POS	" you know , " she knowingly exclaims , " gorbachev would still be the leader of russia or whatever , if he had just had that ugly purplish thing removed from his head . "
NEG	surprise - it just takes waaaaay too long .
POS	granted , some conflict needed to be introduced on the island , but this tacked-on development from writer michael browning is a bit too obviously thrown in for the purpose of adding gratuitous action scenes .
POS	the one thing that i want to say about this film is that it well deserves its `r' rating .
NEG	and the poor acting results in a muddled movie that offers the viewing audience little chance for survival .
NEG	they are : word of knowledge , word of wisdom , and discerning of spirits .
NEG	jawbreaker doesn't quite know how to handle its semi-likable characters : fern and julie .
NEG	leave it to america to screw the whole thing up .
POS	but by focusing on hungarian jews during the last days of the war , moll told a specific part of the story in a new way , in greater detail .
NEG	it isn't .
NEG	let's stop and think about this for a second .
NEG	every single character in this film ( with the arguable exception of kiki ) is simply hateful , and putting them in a romantic comedy is a waste of a bunch of villains .
POS	the film opens nationwide in the united states on wednesday , august 22 , 2001 .
POS	lara flynn boyle , who wasn't impressive in rudolph's equinox , is greatly improved , making marianne a jumble of sexiness and vulnerability .
POS	but at least this one has an important message , unlike so many of its counterparts .
POS	although it doesn't have the appeal of current teen flicks like varsity blues or she's all that , it certainly holds an undeniable quality that older crowds will lean towards .
NEG	which leaves douglas to waltz away with the film , which is does .
POS	i was much more intrigued by the interactions between the characters and the whole idea of " human beings as animals " then i was about the end battle sequence , which just seemed a bit too typical for this kind of film .
NEG	my interest to see it is low , but i hope it's better than this .
POS	however , what helps " at first sight " rise above this predictability is in the mature and intelligent relationship that develops between virgil and amy .
POS	one of the film's components can be linked to a recurring theme in terrence malick's the thin red line .
NEG	deep rising demonstrates all the originality and vitality of something scripted by a computer .
NEG	the movie could have premiered on cinemax at two in the morning starring an all-rookie cast and still would have been equally lacking in entertaining .
POS	during the course of their adventures , they get to use jet packs , electroshock bubblegum and super-computer sunglasses .
NEG	well , this film didn't do much for me .
NEG	today audiences have higher expectations ; baker's visualization is really an improvement .
POS	right away we know that the driver of that car is in for a few surprises .
POS	it's not long before cappie does break up with his girlfriend ( in the films only subpar scene ) .
NEG	the 13th warrior reeks so badly of melodrama and poor acting that it carries a worst scent than a canine's least appetizing residue .
NEG	discovering the surprising origin of the ship and the crew finds an astonishing gigantic golden liquid metal sphere .
POS	in his gently satirical approach to popular culture and movie stardom , writer/director richard kwietniowski , adapting from the novel by gilbert adair , is 100% on- target .
POS	one of the letters is sent by a young mother with her nine-year old son , looking for their father .
POS	the numerous sequences that stick in one's mind include , of course , the famous department store santa scene - in which billingsley has some problems in telling old saint nick what he wants under the tree .
POS	denise richards , still hot off the press from starship troopers , gives the most interesting performance in the entire film .
POS	on the big screen , i was overwhelmed by something i normally didn't see .
POS	the musical numbers reflect his attitude .
NEG	what should have been a politically taunt thriller is little more than a pointless expedition to see how stressed out richard gere can act .
POS	overtakes the politics , which is too bad .
NEG	another element of , " star trek , " films in general is that picard seems to always have to have a love interest , but then she always miraculously disappears when the next film is made two or three years later .
POS	california ?
POS	the performances in " magnolia " are perfection .
POS	do yourself a favor and rent it , `p-p-p-p-please . "
POS	pass the popcorn .
POS	the film opens up on a woman , catherine ( deborah kara ungar , of " the game " ) , pressing her bare breast up against a car in a public air hangar .
NEG	i hope she got paid a lot of money to do this .
POS	( though shyamalan does , somewhat unforgiveably , crib the self-rearranging kitchen business from the latter . )
POS	he succeeds masterfully .
NEG	this time , laura gets to stand over a fresh , shredded corpse with its entails ripped out and mutter " this is awful . "
POS	hamlet is a complicated tale of treachery and revenge in which triumph and defeat become one .
POS	normally a film will be very dark in order to scare a viewer ; aliens uses lights to scare the viewer .
NEG	it's got high production values , but little else .
POS	perhaps the presence of julia roberts-whose allure beyond those perfect teeth still escapes me-had a lot to do with notting hill's opening weekend success , but the film's staying power is based on word of mouth .
NEG	and it isn't the mushy-mouth this time .
POS	the chase sequence inside the chicken grinder parodies both " raiders of the lost ark " and " indiana jones and the temple of doom . "
NEG	another bright spot is arsenio hall , who has a hilarious , show-stopping cameo as a cry-baby gangster ; hall virtually steals the spotlight from murphy .
POS	earth is a harsh , unconsoling drama about the time when india gained independence from britain and the ensuing turmoil that engulfed the subcontinent .
NEG	like the three musketeers , they've been together through thick and thin .
NEG	a new generation of genetically engineered soldiers are faster and stronger .
POS	at first i was thinking to myself " why ? "
NEG	mcgregor comes across as a posh mothers boy , with little charm .
NEG	this is one of the most skillful silent films i have ever seen--little awkwardness , and a very clever script .
NEG	the cast is still impressive , but here , not only does schumaccer mess up with the direction ( he's one of those directors who's good with actors , terrible with camera angles ) , but writer akiva goldsmith doesn't really give an impressive cast anything to do .
NEG	anyway , the crew gets a distress call from a location deep in space to which a failed mining operation had been sent .
POS	this movie possesses that same quality that makes pixar studios' animation great : precise and unwavering attention to detail .
NEG	the characters in arizona are funny , and there's also a good scene where robbin's asks a shopkeeper which 'threatening approach' was better , lawerences ( which consisted of lawerence threatening to shoot the shopkeeper's ass , and swearing a lot ) , or himselfs , ( which was speaking in a deep , scary voice ) but the gags are predictable , the lack of chemistry infurating , and the ending too far-fetched and 'perfect'
NEG	blech .
POS	this makes for an action movie full of jet skis , speedboat chases , and gun battles , as tom tries to evade and outsmart corrupt cops and armed looters until the national guard can answer his distress call .
POS	the only difference to him between nuclear armageddon and conventional warfare is the raw data and the casualty totals .
POS	[note that followups are directed to rec . arts . movies . current-films and rec . arts . movies . startrek . current
NEG	what the message here ?
NEG	once thurman transforms into the eco-psychotic poison ivy , she does a nice mae west impersonation as a classic vamp who can seduce men with her breath and kill them with a kiss .
NEG	just keep in mind that although this film may not be the most original on the block , it's much worse than a sin .
NEG	couldn't he have used the money saved by only having to pay half a dozen actors to hire a scriptwriter ?
POS	in the comic , they don't bother cloaking the identity of the ripper , but screenwriters terry hayes ( vertical limit ) and rafael yglesias ( les mis ? rables ) do a good job of keeping him hidden from viewers until the very end .
NEG	now director tim burton tries his hand at adapting the original book again .
POS	moses , a hebrew , is saved from the slaughter of the firstborn sons by his mother when she sets him in a basket on the nile ; he floats into the pharaoh seti ( patrick stewart ) 's palace and is taken in by the royal family .
POS	and when they make alien 4 , perhaps they will be able to find yet another new direction to take it in .
POS	instead , i am offering this money as a reward on your head , dead or alive . "
NEG	director anthony waller , who displayed a confident , edgy style in mute witness , stumbles with this material , never being able to make the comedy and horror elements gel .
POS	despite violating nearly every rule of " legitimate " documentary film making , however , unzipped is a remarkably enjoyable piece of entertainment .
NEG	the major aspect of the film , that which is supposed to make it different from other routine government conspiracy / action flicks could be dropped from the beginning , and the movie would turn out exactly the same , if not better .
POS	the similarities are staggering :
POS	she goes along with the masquerade and the three of them head out for a night of fun , abby assuming the role of a goat cheese farmer named donna .
POS	better make that walt's your uncle . . .
NEG	there are secondary characters that move in and out of the picture and serve little or no purpose except to make the audience wonder what the hell the point was .
NEG	in the past year and a half we've seen them in life is beautiful , you've got mail , this movie , and the upcoming notting hill ) , who finds the letter in between couch cushions in the bookstore .
POS	instead of being told in a linear mode , shine jumps around in time , ala " pulp fiction " .
POS	moments that undoubtedly will improve in comic potency upon each new viewing , with so much more to explore and to cherish .
POS	the full monty is a whole lot of fun , its wacky , witty , and original .
POS	amazingly it's almost always easier than we dreaded and after finishing , that sense of oppressive apprehension melts away .
NEG	bridget fonda is dreary and seems to bring the film to a screeching halt , her performance is bad and she seems miscast .
NEG	it bumped seven films up a notch on my " worst of " 1997 movie list .
POS	this summer's contact , for example , dealt with several issues at once , but each of them was somehow present in almost every scene and , most importantly , all of them were resolved at once .
NEG	in the right hands , wild things could've been a wickedly delightful , scrumptiously twisted thriller , but instead we get juvenile overuses of profanity and some very laughable displays of acting .
NEG	the only saving grace was the requisite tit-shot courtesy of jill whitlow .
POS	if i had to say anything bad about good will hunting is that it walks the line between drama and melodrama .
POS	even this information is imparted so quickly and in such cursory fashion , however , that it verges on the comical .
POS	the sixth sense has more in common with ghost than poltergeist .
POS	in fact , even though the cast is filled with many name actors ( b-actors as they might be for the most part ) , most of them do their bit and succeed well in passing the torch onto the next victim .
POS	the concept of the plot is as mindstretching as " 12 monkeys " was , however , so be prepared and be sophisticated .
POS	the synergism of the tension of ravel's music and tension on the screen is the best i have ever seen .
NEG	is " 8mm " something you really want to see ?
POS	in addition to the exotic menagerie of alien creatures that populate this world , from bulky robots to dog-like mangalores , the humans are outfitted in costumes by eccentric designer jean-paul gaulthier , best known for creating madonna's pointy bustier get-up in her blonde ambition tour .
NEG	the tinkling christmas tree bell in " it's a wonderful life . "
POS	the film opens with footage , both real and fake , of an underwater excursion by special submarines to the bottom of the atlantic , where a team of explorers lead by bill paxton are searcing for a diamond called the " heart of the ocean " , which , according to bill paxton's character , would be worth more than the hope diamond today .
POS	is the movie perfect ?
NEG	- the subtitles of our print were white , often on a white background making them often hard to read , but i don't think there was a whole lot of meaning there that was lost .
NEG	is it about the business itself , how , bubbling just beneath the surface of big-town americana , there's a sordid world of sick and depraved people who won't necessarily stop short of murder in order to satisfy their sick and twisted desires ?
NEG	shao khan has decided that he's going to take over the earth * anyways * , and to hell with some silly rule about mortals winning the tournament .
POS	boogie nights is an excellent film .
POS	the alien's blood infects them ( fans of the show will certainly remember the black cancer ) , and the story jumps into modern times , during which a young boy is also infected with the cancer .
NEG	an easily manipulated man , his weakness of character foreshadows the betrayal of joan which would lead to her death .
POS	" amistad " tries to pull it all together in the end with a speech from adams , but it somehow feels a little forced , and in any case the speech itself , which lasts almost fifteen minutes , wears out its welcome about halfway through .
NEG	i'm not really sure what film that statement is describing because those words bear little resemblance to the slow , completely uninvolving bore i saw--at least , it certainly does not describe what goes on for most of the film .
POS	it is no small detail that our hero , romulus , is not only named for a member of the ruling class who lived his life ( in legend ) without knowledge of his royal birth , but also that our romulus has turned his back on the comforts of the literati in favour of a mystical existence living in a cave in a park . in the romulus mythology , signs of romulus' royal blood is brought by twelve vultures , while in the film , the call to action for our hero comes in the form of not the carrion birds , but of the carrion itself .
NEG	what i got was yet another in a long line of recent films trying to ride the tarantino wave by mixing gags and brutality , or rather creating gags about brutality .
NEG	.
NEG	it's as much of a mess as it sounds .
NEG	( 2 ) murphy wastes the talents of his fine cast .
NEG	the film depended on its cast to work fluently together , like a bunch of old friends working together in an amiable reunion .
NEG	add to this a terrible script and some feeble attempts at some occasional characterisation and you end up very disinterested .
NEG	none of the characters even remark upon this ability , nor is it used to any particular advantage by the filmmakers .
POS	watching jackie in operation condor as he drives his motorcycle through the crowded streets of madrid , fleeing an armada of pursuers in identical black compact cars , is reminiscent of sanders running for daylight with the chicago bears in hot pursuit , except that sanders doesn't have to worry about rescuing runaway baby carriages .
NEG	i'm currently accepting all future names for drew barrymore characters .
NEG	if this is what we have to look forward to in the future of film , then i agree with laurence fishburne's sentiment - " god help us . "
NEG	the film , however , spends so much time on the violator's offensive antics that they grate on the nerves .
NEG	" the world on land -- it's just too big for me . "
POS	here time stands still , and nothing changes .
NEG	a giant squid batters the habitat just as adams is reading " 20 , 000 leagues under the sea " .
NEG	here , though , tsui's visual razzle dazzle borders on over kill , coming off as desperate attempts to shield the inanity of the entire enterprise .
POS	lawyers baldwin and adams ( matthew mcconaughey and anthony hopkins ) must prove cinque and the others were captured into slavery , rather than born slaves , in order to get them out of prison as free men .
NEG	stylistically , thematically & narratively , " jawbreaker " is all over the map , varying wildly in tone & content from scene to scene .
NEG	this is film noir for the mtv generation : fast-paced , slick , flashy , gleefully mindless , and hollow to the core .
NEG	before it's too late .
POS	bernie believes that kermit holds much potential to become a big star in hollywood .
POS	after a few disastrous " mating " attempts , he figures his best bet will be susan ( annette bening ) , a former alcoholic who eventually tells harold that she won't have sex again until she gets married .
POS	but the picture is often mesmerizing , and the script is a work of fine craftsmanship , which makes it well worth your time .
NEG	it takes place in the arbitrary location of a construction site , apparently for the sole reason that there are lots of nifty things lying around that can be useful ala jackie chan .
POS	willie nelson and merle haggard handle the musical end of things fabulously , from the upbeat gospel chorus theme song , to the weepy country waltz , to the hilarious " ballad of the green berets " parody .
POS	although she has made some mediocre film choices since then ( 1997's " mimic , " 1998's " the replacement killers " ) , she always has managed to come out unscathed , and it is with " at first sight " that she finally has another juicy role to play .
POS	as an alien film , alien 3 is the worst of the series , but by itself , it is an extremely well-made motion picture , with a lot more merits than not .
NEG	and it has steve buscemi as a _genius_ who wants to work for an oil rig ?
POS	we can see that this is a man that is both afflicted and living with pain .
POS	jackson could've remained tarantino's jules , and a new guy could have become ordell , forever to remain so in our memories .
NEG	it's not entertaining , nor exciting , or even action packed .
POS	aggressive , bleak , and unrelenting film about an interracial couple , steve and sam ( damon jones and elexa williams respectively ) , who are viciously attacked in a parking garage one night by a gang of skinheads .
NEG	with his plastic facial expressions , monotone voice , and complete inability to make convincing animal noises , his range rivals that of steven seagal .
POS	even the president is on tv denying his wrong-doings .
NEG	since russell simmons is producer , and since the official title of the film is " def jam's how to be a player " , i was ready to be jumping up and down and stomping my feet and beating the person next to me because of the comedy .
NEG	i think bean soup would be good for dinner tonight . "
NEG	charles hawtrey is third billing but only appears in a few scenes .
POS	i went in with the expectation of a film with the similar flavor which made the original such a success : personal growth and insightful humor about life .
NEG	pierre boulle , author of the bridge on the river kwai , wrote planet of the apes ( a . k . a . monkey planet ) , the novel , as a social satire .
NEG	are we trying to see how unrealistic we can get ?
NEG	at the same time , grace briggs ( minnie driver ) is in the hospital , waiting for a heart transplant .
POS	thankfully , those aren't the exact words .
NEG	a film that means well , but is too pushy in promoting its belabored point and too sentimental to be compelling as a drama .
NEG	the point is that mr . bean comes to america and causes wacky trouble .
NEG	when respecting a director , you must also respect the fact that they are not perfect .
POS	he continually absorbs the worst punishment and humiliation , and it basically does not stop .
NEG	forty five painful minutes remain .
NEG	contact , for example , far exceeds this film in terms of imagery and imagination .
POS	one of the company's directors , carter burke ( paul reiser ) , wants to gather a team to travel to the planet .
NEG	from the videos in carl's house , peter can see that the drowning cell is automated and will fill with water forty hours after the abduction .
NEG	there should be a requirement that a potential viewer be under a certain film iq in order to see " mission to mars . "
POS	the dvd's features are plentiful and well-chosen .
POS	marty , you see , is a grown-up twin .
POS	'nuff said .
NEG	ad2am " i almost lost my nose . . . and
NEG	note : the following reveals the basic plot .
POS	i consider it to be a much more involved film than any of the other films released so far this season .
POS	there is a great line in the film spoken by douglas about sara where he says , " she was a junkie for the printed word .
NEG	the guy is on death row for the murder of a white girl , and says that his confession was coerced from the region's tough , black cop ( lawrence fishburne ) .
POS	so , at the end of the movie , we end where the saga actually begins - with obi-wan kenobi and his young apprentice , anakin " darth vader " skywalker .
NEG	there are probably quite a few people who are going to enjoy it , and most of them will probably be those who have seen very few films of its kind .
NEG	you would think that this film's dismal failure would be due to american filmmakers getting hold of a brilliant british comedy and " americanizing " it .
POS	so it's only natural that leder would get to direct her very own hollywood blockbuster .
POS	negin's peter lorre is quite credible , and easily the best peter lorre i've ever seen who wasn't the real thing .
POS	she has a couple of good scenes with duchovny , but she gets kidnapped during the last half hour of the movie so she does not get to do much .
NEG	simmons , however , discovers that his memories are fragmented , his body a creepy mess , and his wife married .
POS	over the course of a year , i see well over 300 movies , and most of them look like xeroxes of each other .
NEG	whoopee , big surprise .
NEG	oh , and in keeping with the matchmaker's utter predictability , he dies toward the end .
NEG	checking himself into a mental institute after a suicide attempt , he discovers that he can help the other patients by clowning around .
POS	sweetback , hassled by two white cops who are apparently just looking for an excuse to beat up on a black man , breaks his bonds and runs like hell .
NEG	in a sense , that's half of the basic problem with " switchback . "
NEG	his creation is about as stupid and contrived as you'd expect from someone named yahoo .
POS	highlights include a spectacular cavalry charge on a snow-covered pass ( which , due to the sophistication of today's computer-generated imagery , is hard to tell from the real thing ) , a memorable , show-stopping musical interlude ( " i'll make a man out of you , " penned by matthew wilder and david zippel ) , and last but not least , mulan herself .
POS	and even with silly lyrics , the original songs when the play is finally put on , are absolutely wonderful !
POS	>from the festive little family restaurant to grace ( minnie driver ) and bob's wardrobes .
POS	set in pacific palisades , calif . , the story follows the burgeoning relationship between two teens .
NEG	he took the nerdy character of the cartoon , and simply acted it out in a better manner .
NEG	the characterization of sherman's family , the klumps , is one of the most ignorant stereotypes of a black family i have ever seen in cinema .
NEG	and the climax finds quinn going head-to-head with a tiger in the roman coliseum while yaz circles them on a motorcycle , trying to avoid running over land mines and hold on to quinn's baby boy ( who's in a bomb equipped basket ) -- all this while stavros watches shirtless from the bleachers .
NEG	her psychotic tendencies are talked about but never convincing .
NEG	time passes , and the friend disappears with matty .
NEG	the picture is a remake of the 1949 film .
POS	i just can't help but think it might have been even better if linklater had slowed down a little bit and filmed these scenes in reverse order .
POS	however , tarzan does not seem to have what i call its " chandelier scene , " which is the one scene to which the animators have chosen to devote an inordinate amount of effort , utilizing a computer-assisted process that makes the animation absolutely breathtaking .
POS	is it because we've become accustomed to time travel " laws " from other places like " star trek " and the back to the future trilogy and " quantum leap " ?
POS	you really get a sense of how warfare was performed during that time period .
NEG	`the bachelor' becomes lost without a homing beacon to save it .
POS	one of the bad guys was a surprise .
NEG	the story borrows unintelligently from that mother of all turkeys " hudson hawk " ( the same hokum about planetary alignments and sacred stones that , when brought together , well . . .
POS	during a press conference , he must make his way into a heavily guarded vault area , avoiding guards , cameras , and many other potential obstacles .
POS	another of burton's in-jokes is to have charlton heston , star of the original , play the chimpanzee father of tim roth's gen . thade .
NEG	shakespeare in love is quite possibly the most enjoyable period piece ever made for the silver screen .
NEG	after a round-the-world trip ( his boss think's he's on leave in bulgaria ) , meier starts visiting east germany on day visas with a fake id , and uses his money and his connections to the west to buy his girlfriend presents and bring credit to his work crew's work--while everyone think's he's still living in east germany .
NEG	there is a lot of semi-mystical mumbo jumbo about how " we really don't know much about crocodiles . "
POS	synopsis : bobby garfield ( yelchin ) lives in a small town with his mirthless widowed mother ( hope davis ) .
POS	( he thinks he's not good enough for her , and he would hate the idea of the two kids marrying . )
POS	kei-ying soon institutes a harsh regimen of punishment , which fei-hong does not like at all .
POS	at a wedding , robbie comforts a kid throwing up in a dumpster while julia sits by .
NEG	we're provided with the minimum amount possible of these elements to keep the film from being completely silent .
POS	the children are also good , although mara wilson is almost oppressively cute as the youngest .
POS	but wait , i'm getting ahead of myself .
POS	in the plane three men find ? the american dream . . .
POS	i loved how each of the different parts of the plot mattered , and sometimes spilled over into the next .
NEG	dormant martians ( i . e . , swirling red gases ) awakened by meddling humans possess the souls of hapless mining colonists rendering them testy marilyn manson lookalikes .
NEG	fart jokes that have all been heard before and will inevitably be heard again in future films thanks to the success of " american pie " and " there's something about mary . "
NEG	the action , however , seems more like a hodgepodge of mismatched ideas .
NEG	john carpenter apparently believes that action scenes in which people fight something horrible are the same as horror scenes .
POS	it's not the film for you .
NEG	well , yes and no .
NEG	the editing is also pretty shoddy in this movie , the dialogue banal and stilted and the plot problems . . . plentiful !
POS	although resident horror film geek randy ( jamie kennedy ) is back with fresh dialogue about sequels ( and , interestingly enough , how they are usually inferior to their predecessors ) , the characters in this movie are drawing from other entries in the pop culture encyclopedia as well .
NEG	whilst richard gere still proves that has what it takes to be known as a decent actor , i would think twice before going to see him attempt to manage such a serious yet hollow drama again .
POS	well this may take a while .
NEG	theater in real life is engrossing .
POS	but still , they coulda cut it down a bit .
NEG	they even have the gaul to repeat jokes from the series .
NEG	it's amazing how a comedian can have the some of the funniest stand-up around but completely fall flat in the movies .
POS	the patlabor story centers around the second special vehicle division , sv2 , who , through no fault of their own , have acquired a bad reputation for destructiveness .
NEG	there , lawernce attempts to steal his car , but to no avail , and is dragged along with robbin's on a trip to arizona .
POS	regardless , " spy kids " is a hoot , offering fun for adults and children alike .
NEG	huh ?
POS	and once campbell's character gets going , like in her fantastic speech in the gymnasium , then you're won over .
NEG	danza sets up a double date with her , her sister , and a collegue of his .
NEG	the villains' big idea ?
POS	a search and rescue team led by miller ( fishburne ) is given the task to check for survivors of the event horizon .
POS	synopsis : investigator ichabod crane journeys to 1799 sleepy hollow to investigate a series of murders involving decapitation .
POS	as appealing and charismatic as he always is , ford hasn't been quite this charming and affable in years ; he's obviously having a blast , and the audience cannot help but have one along with him .
NEG	attempting to graft " 2001 " esque space mysticism with " terminator " robot horror , first time director antony hoffman can't seem to figure out what's going on .
NEG	unfortunately , this film isn't comedy and any laugh is unintentional .
POS	he has been made an honorary jew by a jerusalem film society .
NEG	the current state of tv has been leaning towards reality television what with the enormous success of survivor and moderate success of big brother , with more on the way .
POS	a big piece of what makes this film work is the depiction of the kingpin .
POS	the film's major high points are the fights between ben and katie , as the two constantly accuse of each other of whose fault it is that their marriage has collapsed , and although they also say things like " it's over , " or " i hate you , " you can tell the two still share a deep connection , and that inside , somewhere , they are still an " us . "
NEG	in a word , no .
NEG	one night he wanders outside after curfew and is promptly sent to the office of a high-ranking german officer for his punishment .
POS	bobby spends his time with his two closest friends , john sullivan ( will rothhaar ) and tomboy carol gerber ( mika boorem ) , who become something like the kevin , paul and winnie of harwich .
POS	probably state-of-the-art at the time , they are now laughable .
NEG	yea .
POS	its nice to see a pg rated movie out at christmas that everyone can see .
NEG	i feel like i should have had a grand time with " detroit rock city . "
POS	after all , much of the inspiration for bulworth is straight out of the news .
NEG	kevin's next case is a dream case , given to him by milton himself ( much to the chagrin to his colleagues ) , defending a triple murder suspect who has had a history of problems with the law .
POS	if you want to see a different film , watch this one ! !
NEG	bored performers and a lackluster plot and script , do not make a good action movie .
POS	so to hell with webster's -- " chicken run " is one of the funnest movies i've seen in a while .
NEG	don't get the wrong idea , it may sound good and the trailer may be tempting , but good is the last thing this film is .
NEG	when the big scene comes in which lucy puts the moves on syd , her idea of a romantic line is , " i want to get high with you . "
NEG	the plot ( ha-ha ) revolves around a pair of contact lenses that allow their wearer to pass through the congressional directorate's retina scanners .
POS	a lady in front of us took her two young sons to see it and spent about 25 - 30 minutes covering the youngest's eyes with her hand .
POS	the soundtrack is also excellent .
NEG	fooling around , deuce sets fire to the kitchen and smashes a $6000 fish tank .
POS	heil !
NEG	if you can't make it zany , cut it ! "
NEG	aw . . .
POS	the cryptic teaser trailer has been unspooling in moviehouses for quite sometime now : " it mu5t be found . "
POS	the cast is generally good , though marred at times by dubbing into english that renders speech all but emotionless .
POS	the " braveheart " reference is a hoot if you catch it .
POS	no film in recent has left me with such conflicted feelings as neil jordan's harrowing , humorous , horrifying adaptation of patrick mccabe's novel about young lad francie brady's ( eamonn owens ) descent into madness in 1960s ireland .
NEG	susan granger's review of " american outlaws " ( warner bros . )
NEG	matthew pointed out that it " is not as good as it could have been or should have been . "
NEG	and what in the world is kathy bates doing in the picture's final scene , as a judge ?
NEG	jeff wonders where the hell she is , and when he later catches up with warren and warren says he has never seen amy in his life , the plot thickens and jeff goes on a chase to find his wife .
POS	his fast , wise-cracking , hip-talking mushu may seem out of place , but it's a crowd pleasing performance , especially for the youngsters .
NEG	in an adequately equipped theater it's as if the explosion were going off all around you and you can feel the seats vibrate .
NEG	huge caverns exist deep beneath the ocean floor , and in this area , many ships have disappeared .
POS	it is at this juncture in life is beautiful may tend to offend those whom the holocaust has touched .
POS	the answer is that this one seems surprisingly empty .
NEG	whenever the score starts up , it sounds like techno music , and then this awful indian or middle eastern type music will accompany it .
NEG	so for an overall opinion : " the art of war " is a total waste of time .
POS	also popping up in the supporting cast is paul sorvino wit h a strange accent , laurie metcalf as the exact same characters she's also played , and christine baranski of cybill fame as bullworths wife , who all contribute to the fun .
NEG	the effects are truly impressive and the house is wonderfully decorated -- beautiful , mysterious , magical and spooky .
POS	this scene is usually the one remembered most from the film , as lieutenant ripley steps into one of the lifting machines to fight the alien queen .
POS	( why the caravan happened to be cruising by maximus' place is never explained . )
NEG	basically , " virus " is another one of those films where a group of people walk around and investigate a space ship/ocean liner/haunted house until the deadly and equally grotesque and slimy creature pops up and kills them one-by-one .
NEG	or why the high-profile project was entrusted with roger christian who had never before directed a major film .
NEG	this is because the movie wants to be an action flick and a heartfelt drama at the same time , but it ends up failing on both fronts .
NEG	as the movie's writer , director , executive producer , and star , murphy will shoulder all of the blame if harlem nights fails .
POS	you've seen all their faces - natalie portman ( the professional ) as queen amidala , liam neeson ( schindler's list ) as qui-gon jinn , ewan mcgregor ( trainspotting ) as obi-wan kenobi , and jake lloyd ( jingle all the way ) as young anakin skywalker .
NEG	working on a top secret military project , sebastian caine ( kevin beacon ) -- an eccentric genius , that calls himself " god " , has discovered the secret to invisibility .
POS	well , i'll admit when i first heard about this film ( which was before dante's peak ) i could just smell what 'twister' had started .
POS	the final sequence is touching and appropriate , though i won't give it away , i will say that very few will be disappointed .
NEG	she sells her hot little wares at " the cheetah " for a short time , turning on the fictitious customers and the actual theatre audience .
POS	put the past behind you !
NEG	kattan's comic sense provides several good humorous moments as he plays the hysterical proprietor of the former sanitarium .
POS	this chance is uncovered in a snow covered field , where an airplane has crash landed .
NEG	how much time does it take for petersen to tell this story ?
NEG	like soccer .
NEG	that's how cheezy it comes off .
POS	for all teenagers , it's almost like a rite of passage .
NEG	three women ( cher , susan sarandon , and michelle pfieffer ) live in eastwick , a small midwestern town .
NEG	wild things has no less than three ( one occurs during the end credits , so stay seated ) , all of which are jaw-droppingly absurd -- a feat that joe eszterhas ( the writer of basic instinct and showgirls ) would be impressed by .
POS	the script also clearly sets him up as the good guy who is only trying to prove his innocence .
NEG	you've got to marvel at how the filmmakers managed to come up with a movie that is truly about nothing .
POS	sometimes a movie comes along that falls somewhat askew of the rest .
POS	i'm beginning to think anyone can write the screenplay for one of these films .
NEG	she thinks these visions are a warning knell for horrible , soon-to-be-committed crimes , but neither her ho-hum husband ( aidan quinn ) nor the ho-hummer police can muster up the sense to take her seriously .
NEG	there are some sight gags that pop up as well , such as mona's tombstone , which reads " demoted " , instead of devoted .
POS	some flashes and a few quick cuts later and maximus is free . . .
NEG	when she does , she says the wrong things , wears the wrong clothes , and projects the " i know the answer " in class that popular kids ( or at least popular kids in the movies ) reject .
NEG	aside from keanu reeves giving one of the best performances of his career as the loathable redneck donnie barksdale , there is little else going for the film .
NEG	well , this is the point where the movie strays from becoming a decent and original movie and simply becomes a predictable sci-fi thriller .
POS	the muppet movie is definitely a movie that is fun for all ages .
NEG	when it comes to the average teenage romantic comedy , i expect negative reviews from critics left and right .
POS	this is some feat given flynt's apparent lack of any morals or ethics and his extremely smutty and childish behaviour in court .
NEG	gord brody ( tom green ) is an aspiring animator approaching thirty who still lives in parents jim ( rip torn ) and julie's ( julie hagerty , " airplane " ) basement .
POS	it's certainly a nice distraction from 1998's lineup of brainless blockbusters , all hopelessly wishing that size mattered .
POS	they recall the nazi invasion of hungary , being sent to " work " camps and their realization that they were actually in death camps .
POS	there is a particularly poignant scene in which truman confides his fears to marlon , and marlon answers with best-friend sincerity , " i'd gladly step in front of a bus for you . "
NEG	a blind umpire could call this movie .
POS	the development of all of the characters , many of which is not included in this synopsis , is incredible .
NEG	basing the show on a 1960's television show that nobody remembers is of questionable wisdom , especially when one considers the target audience and the fact that the number of memorable films based on television shows can be counted on one hand ( even one that's missing a finger or two ) .
NEG	in fact , the only time i really laughed was when a priest gets stoned on a marijuana-laced pizza , and that was just because it was so surreal .
POS	this little-known story of this meteoric rise and fall is told my international filmmaker raoul peck in " lumumba . "
POS	the great thing about this film is that every single character has a moment to shine , and they use it wonderfully .
NEG	since it misses the mark by so much , a better name for woo might have been whoops .
POS	sheedy expresses more with just her eyes than ringwald does with her entire body .
NEG	this becomes apparent after the first murder to cover up the crime , the rest of the movie just spirals downward from there .
NEG	this is an adaptation of h . g . wells' acclaimed novel 'the invisible man' .
POS	if you're young , you'll enjoy its humor , its cool action sequences and its gross-out factor at times .
NEG	screenplay by robert j . avrech makes things even worse with some formulaic red herring subplots ( scene involving two italian gangsters was almost too painful to watch ) .
NEG	the action scenes should be electric , because this is an action film .
NEG	i know it's a stretch , after all it is a movie and nothing really happened , but i just get annoyed to get toyed with like that .
NEG	the film has good moments ( many of the scenes involving a very good greg kinnear , especially his confrontation with zellweger ) , an almost soothing , lyrical score ( and you know a movie's in trouble when the score sticks out as one of the best things about it ) but nothing jells , it's parts , good or bad , are so disparate as to be opposing .
POS	* * * * amazing , potent stuff .
POS	rated pg-13 , there's an intense scene of primitive childbirth .
POS	i also could have done with less of the taylor character in general , since she wasn't all that interesting and seemed to slow things down every now and then ( more zoolander , dude ! ) .
NEG	" hmmm . . . .
NEG	of course , with the big guy running amok in the city , niko and audrey are bound to cross paths , and are joined by victor " animal " palotti ( hank azaria ) , audrey's trusty cameraman friend , and phillipe roche ( jean reno ) , an operative for the french government , whose nuclear testing started the whole problem in the first place .
NEG	" double jeopardy " is a watered-down version of " the fugitive , " with jones sleep-walking through his well-worn pursuer persona .
POS	to paraphrase a song title from an earlier disney movie , mulan is a whole new world .
NEG	beautiful ( 1/10 ) - my best friend's wedding ( 7/10 ) - notting hill ( 5/10 ) - pretty woman ( 7/10 ) -runaway bride ( 5/10 ) - someone like you ( 4/10 ) - wedding planner ( 3/10 ) - when harry met sally ( 10/10 ) - you've got mail ( 4/10 )
NEG	a three-dimensional holographic planetarium is more fun to watch than anything at disney world .
POS	" the end of the affair " is a dark and moody romantic period piece , that neil jordan exquisitely writes and directs .
POS	from his start as a filmmaker , burton has shown his fascination with colorful misfits ( pee-wee herman , the joker , ed wood , the ack-acking martians , etc . ) and lack of interest in standard issue heroes .
POS	the previous two " alien " films have each had their own unique styles to them .
POS	anyone familiar with the first version of the film will , of course , recognize the irony in that piece of dialogue .
NEG	and then when the commercials started popping up a week or two ago , i thought it looked outright bad .
POS	the second coming of the lord could not live up to the kind of buzz ( which is far too weak a word ) that star wars epsode i : the phantom menace so effortlessly generated .
NEG	with she's all that and varsity blues behind us , and several more set for release later in the year , the teen comedy seems to be experiencing its own renaissance .
POS	we see eva woo and marry juan , get him out of jail , rise to stardom , falter a bit , come back , and then gradually die of cancer ( i think it was because of cancer ) .
NEG	michael madsen reprises his role of press lennox ( so that he can enter high security areas , flash a badge and claim to be press , maybe ? ) , as does marg helgenberger as dr . laura baker , the one subjecting eve to the tv reruns .
POS	after he made them , he disappeared for 20 years .
POS	active since the 1960's , morricone has scored over 100 films in his career and this must rate as one of his finest efforts .
POS	ripley and newt are the only ones who knows what has happened , and soon , all hell breaks loose .
NEG	the plot twists get no reaction because they come at a time where no one cares what is going on , after the apparent climax of the film .
NEG	actually , i have no idea who rochon was supposed to be .
NEG	based on jim schutze's novelization of a true-life event , " bully " charts the story of a handful of disenchanted teenagers who , in 1993 , murdered their high school bully in cold , calculated blood .
NEG	the story centers on bland marvin ( rob schneider ) , who is an evidence clerk at the local police department that yearns to be a real officer .
NEG	it is perceptible that director mark dippe , attempted to touch the psychological chord that tim burton's batman did touch , the desperation of a man whose life has all but evaporated in one spontaneous act .
POS	by the evening , our besieged writer is driving though the snow-covered streets of pittsburgh with a suicidal student beside him , a stolen jacket that marilyn monroe wore on her wedding day in the back seat and a murdered blind dog stuffed in the trunk .
POS	the difference is that when it happens to lili taylor's nell in the haunting , we don't care .
NEG	she is actually a decent actress , but didn't improve as much as i thought she would after species .
POS	forget , `thus far . '
POS	benigni+s guido realizes this .
NEG	sandler plays a thirty-something loser who gets attached to an orphaned young boy ( played by cole and dylan sprouse ) .
POS	and do it quite well .
NEG	the girls' cover is surely blown . . .
NEG	gurgle , * sniff * , awwwww .
POS	the dream team is a solid comedy with more depth and drama than you might expect from its simple premise .
NEG	nineteen years and two mighty ducks later , the formula is still going strong .
NEG	he's a father figure .
POS	at first , we see this only in small hints ; some of his habits change , for instance , and he suddenly takes up smoking in a big way .
POS	more problematic was a series of calls daniel makes to miranda posing as nannies from hell ; it's a bit hard to swallow that she doesn't recognize any of the voices as her husband's .
POS	the following year , 1997 , saw the first sleeper entry into the genre from a studio other than the magic kingdom : twentieth century fox gave baronial russia to the masses in the form of anastasia .
NEG	it has a been-there , done-that feel to it .
POS	the charade continues , with abby furthering the relationship over the phone ( including a decidedly unnecessary phone sex/masturbation sequence ) and nora furthering it in person , while eventually finding herself attracted to the dog man .
POS	his military upbringing masking a desire he is too repulsed to even comprehend .
POS	after ma brady is shipped off to the " garage " for psychiatric observation and da brady downs one bottle of whiskey too many , francie finally loses grip of his fantasy world of cowboys and indians , the lone ranger , and other comicbook characters .
POS	both lea salonga , who provides the singing voice for mulan , and donny osmond who sings for shang , the captain of mulan's army unit and obligatory love interest , are more than competent , although salonga's voice translates much better to animation .
NEG	pushy mother adele august ( susan sarandon ) forces her 14-year-old daughter ann ( natalie portman ) to leave a small midwestern burg to go cross-country with her to beverly hills .
NEG	since then , she made the career-killing decision of appearing opposite bruce willis in the color of night , which exploited her every acting defiency .
NEG	hey , don't laugh - the thing actually listened to the mr . rogers-would-be-proud sentiment .
NEG	it was travolta's vulnerability that made that film so exciting and claustrophobic .
POS	the animation is consistently seamless , with the action fast and furious and the facial expressions believable .
POS	those made the old-fashioned way are labeled as " in-valids " and confined to the lower rung of society .
POS	that is a side which has been missing from nearly every major character he has played in his numerous commercial successes .
POS	.
NEG	the brief attempts at comic relief -- as in a scene where an effeminate russian-sounding director gets wacky with filming billie's first music video -- go over like lead balloons .
POS	had it not been for the advertising of this film , which reveals far too much about its contents , i would have been glued to `under the sand' .
NEG	and the ending -- another homage to eszterhas , maybe ?
NEG	humans either work as slave labor in mining operations or live as barbarians .
NEG	it's unfortunate that mcdowell's one-note character is used just as an excuse for there to be a predictable plot-twist , and she offers absolutely no encouraging chemistry with willis .
POS	the chemistry amongst the trio is terrific .
NEG	but the script puts seagal right smack dab in the middle of all of these scenarios as he tries to discreetly fit in .
POS	darth vader was once a jedi , until he turned to the dark side .
NEG	however , mk2 tries to give these players a certain amount of depth , an element that was lacking in the first movie , but the attempt here fails miserably .
NEG	86 minutes , the running time of this cinematic mess , thus , seem like 86 hours .
NEG	the first and most widely available dvd release features the international version of the film which runs 10 minutes longer than the print which ran in u . s . theaters .
NEG	.
POS	naturally , he gets his ass kicked .
NEG	there needs to be something holding it together other than its own smugness .
NEG	then show a caption reading " six days earlier . . . "
NEG	suddenly , after hearing about the families' heartbreak and personal stories , he begins to care for them and becomes determined to get to the bottom of the mystery , even though he is warned by his staff accountant ( william h . macy ) that no money is coming in to them , only going out .
POS	even the heavy , agent mansley , is not a villain who does bad things simply because he wants to , but out of his own fear and paranoia .
NEG	in that case , the following critiques also apply :
POS	his rap is not bad for a middle-aged white guy .
POS	the characters are well-developed , however , and there are times when the dialogue positively sparkles .
POS	but at least on a high level they are much the same story .
POS	the biggest problem is that during the cartoony coda , the villains threaten kevin's life about five times .
NEG	this film might as well have been made by the same network guys featured in this film , because it doesn't look or feel like an almod ? var film , the type of film it aspired to be , but more like a film that was interferred with from above .
POS	the acting is solid from everyone , including hopkins , who never once makes you think of dr . lecter .
POS	all of the characters take for granted that ghosts are real .
POS	the two decide to team-up and continue on their way to hollywood .
NEG	finally , i couldn't help but think that watchers reborn would work well as " bot fodder " for the creative folks behind one of my all-time favorite shows , " mystery science theater 3000 . "
NEG	trying to appear malicious and dangerous , he wears large sunglasses and a half-buttoned jacket .
NEG	the brother is silent and brooding and resembles the ice cube gangster character from boyz in the hood .
NEG	at the same time , the 13th warrior makes you think about numerous questions .
POS	tupac shakur made a career in music and movies playing the hard case , and living the life to back it up .
POS	for instance , he is a bloodthirsty turkey hound , and she is forgiving and understanding when it comes to some serious issues .
POS	the book , as well as the film , chronicled thirty years in the life of henry hill ( played by ray liotta ) , irish-italian criminal from new york .
NEG	i am not too fond of ted turner's world championship wrestling , however , and i am even less fond of it now after seeing this ridiculous excuse for a wrestling movie tonight .
NEG	it basically just looked like julia roberts in a fat suit !
POS	not only that , horner has also created one of the best scores for any action film , or science fiction film ever ( and that includes 2001 : a space odyssey , which was mainly a compilation of well-known composers ) .
NEG	bleak make-up and thick accents conspire to make this a difficult story to settle into .
NEG	a friendly truck driver , warren ( walsh ) , offers to give them a lift to town .
POS	the injury ?
NEG	after some initial side effects and problems controlling his superhuman senses , darryl learns to enjoy the benefits of his abilities and uses them to land a position at a highly esteemed corporate firm .
NEG	as for arnie ?
NEG	of course , the dream ending could almost be forgiven if the story that precedes it was at least an interesting one .
NEG	he is promptly removed from the case , but this conflict of interest doesn't keep him from offering pursuit .
NEG	it's really hard to find comparisons to such an experience , and i know that i've never said that before ( i thought i never would ) , but " lost in space " is actually better .
POS	it highlights the essence of youth , however , and for its exceptional job at this it can be forgiven other missteps .
POS	he provides several nice touches , and his final scene is a very touching and heartwrenching one .
NEG	it was boring for stretches , the acting was atrocious at times ( the " romantic " scene between suvari and chambers next to the lake reminded me of plays in high school which made you cringe ) , there was little reason to care for anyone and since when were the musketeers fat ?
NEG	he's also unconvincing in the movie's dramatic moments , acting with what as far as i can tell is a steven segal-like economy of expression .
NEG	" rockhound " , as he's called , is sarcastic and foolish , so they tape him to a chair , where he spends most of the film .
POS	of course it was not right for the father to rape his children , and of course , they couldn't have fought back then , and of course this has created scarring suppression inside them .
POS	love and death on long island is many things wrapped into one : a social commentary ( it tackles the thorny issue of film as pure art versus film as mindless entertainment ) , a buddy picture/love story ( ronnie and giles have one of the most interesting relationships found anywhere on a movie screen these days ) , and a " fish out of water " tale ( victorian relic giles forced into the modern world ) .
POS	he moves into amy's apartment and she is eager to stand by him , but virgil's maladjustment begins to put a strain on their relationship .
POS	in fact , they're terrified .
NEG	daughter pines for small town wisconsin and her friends there .
NEG	his hyper-erratic behavior is probably supposed to give wife a paranoid edge .
NEG	the film stars sandra bullock and nicole kidman as sally and gillian owens , two sisters whose family comes from a long line of witches , spanning back 200 years .
NEG	instead , we get impressively choreographed but somehow vacuous , uninvolving action sequences that emerge from emptiness and lead to nothing .
POS	>from its opening moments , _life is beautiful_ walks that fine line between serious tragedy and uplifting comedy .
NEG	throughout his entire professional life , he has been a voyeur ; so when he falls for someone , the only way he can handle it is to watch and drool through telescopes and cameras .
NEG	* * * * amazing , potent stuff .
NEG	about the leads , dammit ! ) and liked the premise behind the film ( before i saw the finished product , of course ) .
POS	the film ultimately shouldn't work , but it does , thanks to a sparkling cast that fills each character with so many memorable nuances , the most fun to be had is in simply watching the people interact with each other .
NEG	not a whit .
NEG	it turns out that one of the teens had been attacked by jason earlier in her life ( which must have been between parts 1 and 2 ) so why she has returned to crystal lake one day after a new batch of murders is beyond me .
NEG	talk about a movie that seemed dated before it even hit the theaters !
NEG	most of his movies are successful not because of the film making behind them , but because they let sandler do what he does best without a stupid plot to drown him out .
POS	anyone who knows of , or has had any association with movie-making should thoroughly enjoy this clever comedy for it's entire duration .
POS	tucker mouths off to chan at every given opportunity ( " i'm michael jackson , you tito . " ) , and chan delivers a few zingers of his own , as well as some terrific fight scenes .
POS	movies like this shouldn't be too pretentious , and that is part of the problem with some of these other films : they try to be too " big " in terms of special effects and sheer spectacle .
NEG	here , the filmmakers have confused " surreal " and " deep " with " vaguely unclear " and " crammed full of insultingly obvious metaphors . "
POS	women exist here to look good , comfort the man , and get argued over .
NEG	and , of course , as with all jungle movies , there are the obligatory cute animals .
POS	almost every time he's in a scene , jackson steals it without looking back .
NEG	i say again . . . what the shite were they thinking ?
POS	the film is also lovingly photographed by giles nuttgens and features an evocative score , courtesy peter nashel .
POS	by the film's end you realise that for the sake of an alibi neal must have self-inflicted a nasty injury in this earlier scene to make it look like he was attacked by a fleeing assailant .
POS	" you still look good , " heche stammers .
POS	on one hand , it was difficult for me to become invested in francie's story because he is such an unsavory character , unjustifyably venting his rage at his nosy but otherwise harmless neighbor mrs . nugent ( fiona shaw ) .
NEG	later it's the turn of joaquin phoenix ( who's quite good and by far the film's most interesting character as adult bookstore flunky max california ) to cover his face as the horrid thing is screened over and over again .
POS	paramount was reportedly worried about the staying power of its trek franchise with the next generation cast now carrying the helm .
POS	mike has been doing badly .
POS	there's a moment in schindler's list when a number of jews are trudging through snow , clean and crisp , dark edges and frost on the ground .
POS	like a play , this film gives a very three-act feel , the intros ( funny , but almost too long ) , the rehearsals ( even funnier ) , and finally , the actual performance of the play ( excellent ! ) .
POS	ssbas first appeared in 1971 and was promptly rated x ( " by an all-white jury " , as director melvin van peebles crowed in his legendary ad campaigns ) , and it's hardly surprising why .
NEG	in other words , just in case you missed the sarcasm , his acting is worse than normal .
POS	as for lack of color , remember , leo only launches into space to get his monkey back .
NEG	however , unlike his previous work , the film dwells on a more personal story , and with a female protagonist .
POS	cool .
NEG	the days of breathless are no more .
POS	of the two acting jobs , broderick's is far superior .
NEG	are the drawings on the wall blood or paint ?
POS	certain scenes are so precisely executed , perfectly framing moments that are absolutely fall-down funny .
NEG	the sets ( by stuart craig ) are big , colorful , and often pleasing to look at .
NEG	they have a job which could actually be the core of a really interesting movie : one of them plays drunk possum to attract chain-snatchers and the other does lookout .
NEG	there are other elements of the film that fall flat , but going on would just be a waste of good words .
POS	high fidelity is his second collaboration with hit or miss english director stephan fears ( the grifters , the hi-lo country ) , and it's a hit .
NEG	that is the prophetic question asked by one of the leads in one of the early scenes of this movie .
POS	however , miraculously , october sky avoids nearly all of these pitfalls , making the exact right moves at the exact right times .
NEG	john's family consists of his wife maureen ( mimi rogers ) , his atypical teenage daughter penny ( lacey chabert ) , his ingenious son will ( jack johnson ) , and his beautiful scientist daughter judy ( heather graham ) .
POS	mckellar gives a brilliant performance , and i hope he alternates between directing and acting .
NEG	the stops and pauses for dramatic effect work perfectly , causing the viewer to be both astounded and flabbergasted .
NEG	aki is especially disappointing ; with her lack of expression and flat delivery , she looks and sound like a brunet version of weena , the eloi girl from 1960's " the time machine . "
NEG	moxon leads the team through its last four games , and then must cope with his newfound stardom , the effect it has on his relationship with girlfriend julie ( amy smart ) , and other temptations that abound in football-crazy west canaan .
POS	but , like a lot of movies lately , american history x skims past greatness in the last few minutes .
POS	i don't even have cable , so i went to radio shack to buy an antenna specifically for the purpose of watching " the x-files " every sunday night .
POS	but the choices are obliterated by one's beliefs , circumstances , and inward nature , and how difficult it is to carry out those choices if it goes completely against the way one is brought up .
NEG	i could say the performances were good , but who's fooling who ?
POS	despite it's subject matter , and one scene that comes almost too close for comfort on explaining gay sex , this is a movie that everyone could , and should , enjoy .
POS	we cry for evita at the end because we feel we should , by the way it is presented .
NEG	troyer's persona alone gains the film an extra half-star , contributing to one particularly hilarious scene where he attempts to nibble on his own mini-mr .
NEG	it's best described this way :
NEG	what do you get when you rip-off good movies like woody allen's bananas and martin scorsese's after hours ?
POS	it's an exciting , often hilarious movie that engaged me and left me ready for the next star trek film .
NEG	initial scenes play like filmed line reading rehearsals .
POS	his wife rivka accepts the fate she was born into and looks at him from the next bed where she sleeps separately according to hasidic custom .
NEG	the plot seemed pretty intriguing and could have been as well if applied better .
NEG	fed up with the bs at their job ( most of it their own goddamned fault ) , woody and wesley hatch this plot about how to rob the money train .
POS	their films are highly stylized , deeply embedded in a particular time and place , and their characters are more often than not everyday people who get caught up in highly unusual circumstances .
POS	" last night " is about just that .
POS	the latter two were the second and third installments of a trilogy starring the delightful team wallace & gromit , a man and his dog famous for getting themselves into increasingly peculiar adventures .
POS	these are contradictions , and a critic has to weigh both sides and come to a suitable balanced critique .
NEG	the film doesn't attempt to re-tell the origin story ? the thinking is that it has been done often enough .
NEG	there have been bad films in recent years : 'mr .
POS	it has so many moments in fact that i use a lot of the lines from the film when i'm joking around with my friends .
NEG	if you had asked me whether slater could perform well enough to substantially boost a movie prior to the release of broken arrow , my answer would have been a definite no .
NEG	big john feels the love that dares not speak its name , but he expresses it through seeking out adolescents and bringing them back to his pad .
NEG	and with speeches like , " i am thinking of something , but i can only think of that something when i am thinking of something else , " how can you expect to hold anyone's interest ?
POS	tense at times , and very funny throughout , the two hold this film together like professionals .
POS	one great moment involves a mass of worker ants bunching up to form a wrecking ball .
NEG	they could've had a white cardboard cutout with the word mom printed on it .
NEG	start off with the story , which -- as gruesomely predictable as it is -- is the least offensive part of the movie .
POS	the producers are not stupid , making a movie just for fans of the series is not profitable .
POS	three of the men , michael , steven ( john savage ) , and nick ( christopher walken ) will be leaving shortly for vietnam , but not before steven gets married .
NEG	one reason movies like scream , star wars and diva have become so treasured is because they feature charismatic actors playing interesting characters .
POS	shadow of a doubt runs 1 : 40 .
NEG	meier ( west germany , 1986 ) director/screenwriter : peter timm cast : rainier grenkowitz , nadja engelbrecht , alexander hauff , thomas besvater sub-titled
NEG	among the movie's problems is the ill-conceived conceit that josie would seriously strive to climb the high school food chain and , in the process , lose focus on her assignment .
NEG	it's got the non-titillating scenes of voyeurism , laughable flashbacks , bad dialogue and action cliches out the wazzoo .
POS	that , again , is up for debate and depends on your opinion .
POS	it's a shame , really , as the rest of the film is perfectly paced .
POS	because of his character , we can see how far we+ve come .
POS	movies like the fall of the roman empire and spartacus seemed to do okay without the use of computer effects .
POS	i must say from the outset that i have never been much of a kurt russell fan .
NEG	negative .
NEG	that makes no sense .
NEG	i suppose i just don't want to talk about the movie itself .
NEG	must see .
NEG	i'd say it pretty accurately represents the towering flood of the last two years worth of disaster movies , which are getting more irwin allen- esque with every release .
POS	he never sounds like he's reading from a script , nor that he's trying to embellish anything , it just comes natural to him .
POS	narratively , fallen has a few glaring weaknesses .
NEG	while a hollywood pimp called rosebudd , married his ho and turned square , working to support his wife and daughter as a telemarketer .
NEG	" batman and robin " is overstuffed with intricately choreographed fight scenes so poorly edited that it's often difficult to tell who's whacking who .
NEG	b . ) unlike the first one , whose sfx were vibrant and somewhat realistic , mk : a's special effects are bland , fake looking , and overall just plain bad .
POS	malcolm assumes , and given his profession , reasonably so , that cole is schizophrenic , not psychic , but the sincerity in cole's anguished confession prevents the doctor from taking drastic measures .
NEG	her teenage peers ( except sobieski ) are so inept and stupid that there's little bite from them .
NEG	meanwhile , tatopoulos's college girlfriend , audrey timmonds ( maria pitillo ) , works in new york city as an assistant to a big-time news reporter .
POS	van sant trusts his material and trusts his audience to 'get it' without stopping to explain what is funny about this all-american story .
NEG	the movie .
NEG	in sexy beast even the plot twists have gray beards .
NEG	unfortunately it doesn't get much more formulaic than one tough cop .
NEG	if you miss the opening , do not worry .
POS	all of the people involved are just characters , or are they ?
POS	from there , director steven spielberg wastes no time , taking us into the water on a midnight swim with a beautiful girl that turns deadly .
NEG	i'll stick to my day job .
POS	his lobbyists are not amused , but the rest of his constituency seems to like the new bulworth .
NEG	it would serve well as a tv-movie-of-the-week , possibly with some 1970's detective hero reprising his role .
POS	doubtfire kicks into high gear once the wig and pads are in place .
NEG	there are supporting characters who have no personality whatsoever ; their entire existence is based on punch lines .
POS	a great deal of " fail-safe " 's plot follows various characters as they attempt to devise ways of stopping the u . s . bombers from reaching russia's borders--at any cost .
POS	in 1998 , there are twice as many competing films .
POS	spielberg succeeds for the most part .
NEG	lange is so bad here that she might have been fun to watch if the rest of the film wasn't such a prime example of motion picture tedium .
POS	overall , third world cop is a pretty entertaining homage to the films of john woo , ringo lam , tsui hark , and many other action films by directors from hong kong .
NEG	go rent men in black instead and pretend smith and tommy lee jones are wearing cowboy hats .
NEG	the bumpers between scenes , which are apparently intended to parody wartime recruitment propaganda are propaganda -- just so clumsy and oafish that they wind up making the bugs look relatively innocuous in comparison .
POS	it makes you wonder why we act like we do , and why sometimes we blurt out things or act out something out of the blue .
NEG	i'm going to be completely honest here : pretty much the only thing keeping me awake throughout the run-time was looking at catherine zeta-jones .
NEG	even worse , it plods back and forth , up and down a long and winding road before it ends up nowhere .
POS	his current dilemma is that he got caught running illegal booze by truck and faces a 3-5 year stretch in new hampshire , something he feels will be a life sentence for him since he doesn't think he could survive prison at his age .
NEG	but looks aren't good enough to save mimic from the depths of mediocre , somewhere where it shouldn't really belong .
NEG	he doesn't do it klebold-harris style .
NEG	it's strange that some of the desperate and improvisational thinking that they found to wind up this story couldn't have driven the rest of it .
NEG	far from bewitching , the crucible tests the patience .
POS	the most crucial is that no one in the family recognizes daniel , and thanks to the fantastic special makeup that's instantly believable .
NEG	they are noisy , loud , stupid , foolish jerks who whould have flunked out of the police academy .
NEG	now , in retrospect , it seems clear that it wasn't , but it's still a fascinating kind of mess .
POS	while still visually and aurally spectacular , the events detailed are not as exciting nor powerful as they should be .
NEG	maybe .
NEG	you might like that feeling of cluelessness .
POS	the most significant tension of _election_ is the potential relationship between a teacher and his student .
NEG	cast against type , michael keaton's understated menace is highly effective .
POS	.
NEG	the ones who do are irritating .
POS	it seems that because she was late delivering something he lost a bag containing a hundred thousand marks , and if he doesn't deliver a hundred thousand marks within the next twenty minutes , he will be killed .
POS	in condor , chan plays the same character he's always played , himself , a mixture of bruce lee and tim allen , a master of both kung-fu and slapstick-fu .
NEG	audience animosity is immediately created for his former spouse by showing her as a drinker and smoker who also sometimes stars in her new husband's adult films .
POS	wayne seems equally bored with his life , but is content enough to stay put .
NEG	this is a very silly production .
NEG	if you're looking for a romantic comedy stay far away from this one because it is neither romantic nor funny .
POS	cameron diaz's character was uneven and a bit hard to grasp .
POS	it could be possible that no one has ever wanted anything with more passion than ralphie wants this bb gun , and the story of his eternal struggle is a charming one .
NEG	or , my favorite , lions so agile that they can even climb onto rooftops ? ! ?
POS	when people are in the water , at film's end , you are surrounded by the voices of lost soles .
NEG	vinny , an unwilling part of the said group , is called upon to set a trap for his friend .
NEG	i've heard it called " jaws with claws " and that's a fair summation of the plot , though that tag line does little to quantify quality .
NEG	you'd just think the woman who began her career as a playboy playmate wouldn't have any reservations about appearing nude in the movie , because it's obvious she wasn't pulling a sharon stone and trying to make people pay attention to her acting skills .
NEG	the only redeeming quality of " return to me " is its hilarious supporting cast .
NEG	if you've seen the trailer without seeing the movie , consider yourself fortunate .
POS	but unknown to tom and karen , the national guard never heard tom's initial distress call .
POS	the trailer gave away the movie's first major plot twist .
NEG	beware of movies with the director's name in the title .
POS	it is an opportunity for me to get a fresh breath in another part of the world , so distant from my own .
POS	as you can tell , it's violent stuff .
NEG	" heartbreakers " reeks of that stagnant mentality , from its lingering shots of jennifer love hewitt's vah-vah-voom breasts to its leaden screenplay , which paints women as haughty schemers and men as drooling buffoons too sex-obsessed to realize they are being manipulated .
POS	" slacker " is a good film and a wonderfully offbeat and entertaining comedy , whatever its flaws , and its status as a cult classic is well-deserved .
POS	( frankly i have no idea on these points . )
POS	ewan mcgregor is extremely likable as christian , emphasizing the sincerity of the love-struck poet .
NEG	david lynch is in large part a dark satirist .
POS	williams is excellent as should be no surprise .
NEG	actor todd field also played a small but pivotal role in stanley kubrick's last film , eyes wide shut .
POS	the film takes place in chicago during the prohibition era where mobsters led by the ruthless al capone run an underground market of liquor to the demanding public .
NEG	get monty python .
NEG	it's like a chore , a bland exercise in superhero film making .
NEG	look for it .
POS	the audience cares about them as much as they do about joe and simon , a testament to the acting jobs of both .
NEG	[r]
POS	nobody came to his rescue when he was being teased , but they all point their fingers when he fights back .
POS	one of the greatest pleasures of how to make an american quilt comes from watching an array of fine performances by an impressive ensemble cast .
POS	even the acting in from hell is solid , with the dreamy depp turning in a typically strong performance and deftly handling a british accent .
NEG	a shame .
POS	see the uncut widescreen version if you can and drink in some of the wonderful cinematography by luciano tovoli .
NEG	i know this is an odd question , but remember the opening music of " police academy 4 : citizens on patrol " , when steve guttenberg and michael winslow perform the title song " citizens on patrol " during the opening credits ?
POS	he does have a pretty good singing voice , and a great range .
POS	torn between doing his job and protecting his best friend , capone must make some hard decisions in order to make things right again .
NEG	she just sort of popped up halfway through without an explanation as to why she was there .
POS	at this point i was way beyond frustration into a realm of nose hair yanking anger ( yes , filmic ignorance is all it takes to get me into the nose hair pulling zone ) , till i realized something : i doubt that much of america would recognize cusack's relatively bland visage , or even the name which is rather bland compared to the coolness of a brad pitt or tom cruise , one-syllable names that glide off the tongue with the velocity of a speeding car .
POS	even the kidnappers are real people , arguing about the ultimate fate of sean mullen and feeding him candy bars .
POS	they wear buttons asking `how will it end ? '
POS	the only problem with the film is that it's a tad redundant .
POS	the success of the original scream took everyone in the industry by surprise .
NEG	i thought , mabe it will be fun ?
NEG	she has no charisma , no presence , and no acting skills other than rolling her eyes and looking disaffected .
NEG	then , when it is in fact revealed that the lawyer is a part of the whole thing , he tells welles that he was chosen for the case because he was young and inexperienced ( in one of those ridiculous " since we're going to kill you anyway , why not tell you the whole thing " moments ) .
POS	you didn't screw up once ! " ) , the bitterness and resentment are palpable .
NEG	yahoo must be an mtv addict because his movie features an omnipresent soundtrack ; unfortunately , the music is altogether gratuitous and quickly becomes overbearing .
NEG	phillips broods .
NEG	concurrently , the relationship between howie and big john is evenly paced and exceptionally well acted .
POS	during this confused stage of his life in which the movie focuses on , rob is trying to cope with numerous rejections over the years by visiting past girlfriends and eventually asking why they dumped him .
POS	there's a twisted sense of humour running throughout which ensures that even the darkest scenes get a smirk .
NEG	salma hayek is wasted as the romantic interest , because she is viewed as little more than that - window dressing to look pretty and create conflict between west and gordon .
POS	one problem that scream didn't have was keeping you interested in the identity of the killer .
POS	no , it is not a bad film , in fact it is so good in achieving its purpose , i actually wished for the film to end itself quickly .
NEG	and batgirl does next-to-nothing in this film till the end when she's suddenly " part of the family . "
POS	this film is more like platoon than any other in the way that it chronicles the struggles of a young man ( private joker , played by matthew modine ) during his tour in the vietnam war .
POS	as the movie progresses , the two characters become more and more polarized in their views and emotions for one another .
POS	while watching it , i was surprised , and a little disappointed , in the relative lack of pyrotechnics .
POS	now it is 13 years later , and broderick has another high school comedy , election , to show the world .
NEG	why does the omegahedron fall from the sky but supergirl shoots out of the bottom of a lake ?
POS	in scream , they satirically discussed other horror films ; here in the sequel , the characters discuss the relative merits of film sequels .
NEG	it's not the kind of sentimentality that can almost bring tears to your eyes ( what dreams may come aptly demonstrated that ) but the kind that brings vomit up your esophagus ( excuse the graphic depiction ) .
POS	and their small family skirmishes were now huge gang wars .
POS	the seller advises the parents to get rid of the girl before she reaches puberty : " one thing you don't want in your house is a human teen-ager , " he says .
POS	jackie-o cattily inquires of marty when she learns that lesly works at a donut king .
NEG	in bride of chucky , chucky's longtime girlfriend tiffany ( jennifer tilly ) dies and her spirit inhabits a female plastic doll through voodoo .
NEG	some of the film _looks_ good , but it also looks so familiar .
NEG	someone begins to send letters to all four of the teens with the frightening message : " i know what you did last summer . "
POS	an nfl referee , he cost gamblers all over the country enormous amounts of money by blowing a call in a high-profile game .
POS	is evil dead ii a bad movie ?
NEG	the klumps once again revisits the life of sherman klump , an overweight university science professor looking for love in all the wrong places .
POS	jacob is slow and simple , and yet we so often see him deep in thought .
POS	the writers lightly touch on each bug's place in bug society and the malleability thereof while making a wisecracks at everything they can , and blowing the audience away with wild visual treats .
NEG	jack spots the big boss with his goons by the gravesite .
NEG	for a director they tapped hong kong's stanley tong , whose resume consists mainly of a handful of movies featuring martial arts expert jackie chan .
POS	i'm feeling relaxed .
POS	i guess he's pissed at all the box-office bombs that he's been in of late , but he sure played a great unstable elvis impersonating robber here .
POS	luckily , the film soon shakes off the conventionalism and concentrates on the interesting premise mentioned above .
NEG	we meet the robinson family - a family of five that does not get along but has been chosen to act on earth's behalf in effort to find another planet worthy of colonization due to the exhausting of our natural resources .
POS	at the same time , and just as significantly , he pays tribute to a consuming passion for one's work .
POS	fortunately , the movie is played out for plenty of laughs .
POS	first they delegate the headcount to an older sibling , and second , they put all the kids in coach while they fly first class .
NEG	even the special effects are fairly unimpressive , nothing you haven' t seen before , and suffice to say the script isn't going to save the film .
NEG	i give it a 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a 0 on the -4 to +4 scale .
NEG	- stock footage frequently used .
POS	but they're * chickens * , so it's funny to us .
POS	he also soon finds himself in a position in which he must fight , or die .
POS	this time , i'll just say that i went to mcdonald's yesterday to treat myself to a mcflurry , and tarzan was on the cup .
NEG	ichabod crane ( johnny depp ) is now apparently a constable , who was sent to new york to investigate suspicious murders .
POS	but their mutually suspicious meeting gives way to a warm friendship eventually .
NEG	he skipped town several years before , without any explanations . . . even
NEG	it drips with gooey , wannabe human emotions .
NEG	ray is the only son of a low-level mobster once arrested for running an illegal casino operation out of his bloomfield , new jersey , suburban basement .
POS	richard briers as ophelia's father , polonius , and michael moloney as her brother , laertes , are equally convincing .
NEG	just before his whole family is gunned down by hoods working for gloria's ex-boyfriend kevin ( jeremy northam ) , nicky's dad gives him a banana yellow floppy disk with secrets about kevin's operation and offers him a piece of fatherly advice .
POS	enjoyment of this movie doesn't require knowledge of film history , but if you've got it , " chicken run " is that much richer .
NEG	arguably the low point is when he escapes from a locked burning building by riding a motorcycle conveniently parked inside .
NEG	the film is a multi-million dollar testament to everything artificial .
POS	the theme changes with each new movie ; the plot does not .
POS	christina ricci is being acclaimed for her part as the misguided teenage temptress who looks for something more to her life in the pants of every available boy .
POS	since he's a dead man anyway , he figures he'll answer truthfully : he and bill clinton and newt gingrich came to l . a . for the photo opportunity .
NEG	eventually , the recruits embark on a journey to a location two thirds of the way across the milky way galaxy , to fight the bugs on their home planet .
POS	it's not exactly exploitative - like almost everything else in this film , the sex is thoroughly weird and creepy and is unlikely to provide any cheap lurid thrills - as much as it is unnecessary and frankly kind of dumb by the seventh or eighth time arquette takes her clothes off .
NEG	it's a direct rip-off of nearly every james cameron film ( aliens , the abyss , and the terminator films are the most plagiarized ) ; more importantly , it's basically the same movie as last year's deep rising .
POS	who's to say how something works and how it doesn't when it's never happened ?
POS	julie christie , as hamlet's mother gertrude , and derek jacobi as his murderous uncle claudius both fill the classic roles superbly , as do many of the supporting players .
NEG	but once i saw that , i had it in the back of my mind every time i saw a medium or long shot .
NEG	that last suggestion is the preferable one since the characters in this film do things that are the polar opposite of smart .
NEG	and that john travolta is a member of the church .
NEG	and everyone knows , if you get to ask the first question , baby you're a star .
POS	plot : odin is a great high school basketball player .
NEG	lemmon , looking pastier than usual , is fine as the ever- annoying felix , who still punctuates his chronic whining with occasional allergic honks of " phnah !
NEG	mel brooks knows it .
POS	i know it already opened in december , but i finally got around to seeing rushmore last weekend , and it was one of those rare oppritunites that i got to leave the theatre feeling proud about paying the expensive ticket price .
NEG	which were great ) .
POS	in retrospect , the arms race seems to be one of the most puzzling exercises in futility of the century .
NEG	remember the horror movie cliches that were so mercilessly mocked in _scream_ and _scream 2_ ?
NEG	paleontologist kelly scott ( bridget fonda ) is sent up to maine to examine a tooth removed from a body that had been bitten in half on the lake .
NEG	wild wild west
POS	" oh my god , i sounded just like a mother ! "
NEG	meanwhile , dom deluise plays a fellow who gets hit in the crotch with a monkey wrench ( hahaha ) .
POS	when i compare it with last summer's movies the best way to describe it would be : take the excitement and great score from face/off and the deadly use of sound from event horizon .
POS	the message about hatred couldn't be spelled out any more clearly than it is here , but there are those who would probably find this film much more akin to a training video than a condemnation .
POS	it shouldn't surprise anyone , because the author of the novel , frederick forsyth , made reputation by blending fiction with real life , thus creating interesting , exciting yet very believable plots for his books .
NEG	and truthfully , this is one-hundred percent correct .
POS	talking of carrey , he's perfect in this movie , enjoying the best role in his career .
NEG	or even more importantly , am i supposed to give a rat's ass about anyone in this film ?
POS	stone , of course , is useless , making a pretty poor wife , and a pretty poor action hero .
POS	she has a sweet tenderness that allows the audience to instantly root for her .
POS	it reveals several scenes from the ending moments ( which yes , like in the book , it is a downer ) , several plot developments , and much of the beginning .
POS	`the phantom menace' delivers exactly what you'd expect from a `star wars' film which is why it succeeds as well as it does but is always why it never truly achieves greatness .
POS	it's one of mrs .
POS	everything they come into contact with is a big poker game in that everything's a battle against the cards destiny deals .
NEG	the romantic elements are all contrived ? in fact , lady jane's presence is necessary only so she can be captured and subsequently rescued by her buff fiance .
POS	once she has returned to new york , amy begins to research on virgil's certain type of retinal blindness , which he has had since three years of age , and out of a stroke of luck , comes into contact with a doctor ( bruce davison ) who believes he can repair virgil's sight , even though there have only been thirty similar cases in history .
NEG	instead what ensues is an hour and a half of repetitive vignettes , the next scene no more engaging than the last .
NEG	it seems a red cloud was released from a shining canyon cave and , soon after , most of the miners went bonkers as long-dormant remnants of an ancient martian civilization took over their minds and bodies , lopping off heads as " vengeance for anything that tries to lay claim to their planet , " according to a scientist ( joanna cassidy ) .
NEG	as the disc began to spin i was rather impressed with the opening sequence , which made me sit up and wonder if my assumptions all this time could have been wrong .
POS	how to make an american quilt is basically an unremarkable , if affecting , tale of love across the generations--a sort of truncated american version of the joy luck club , with a dash of fried green tomatoes added .
POS	well , what do you expect ?
POS	the film gives an opportunity for the 61 year old beatty to indulge in some rapping , which he does with gusto ( and also quite well . )
POS	now i know for a fact that my mother has seen several cusack movies , most recently being john malkovich and pushing tin , but i suppose it's understandable that she would not recognize the name , after all , for most , names are tougher than faces .
POS	if you grew up listening to the cure and a flock of seagulls and the psychedelic furs , then " the wedding singer " is bound to put a nostalgic hop in your stride .
POS	i know this isn't a true story or anything , but a film should be able to make you think that it is .
POS	the predictable ending that shattered our hopes ( even though we saw it coming ) only added to the disappointment .
POS	walsh's clan , on the other hand , is prim , proper and ostentatious .
NEG	it has many bloody scenes which are thoroughly unconvincing and only increase the film's campiness rather than its suspense .
POS	this is a question whose answer that seems to immediately conjure up the kind of movie you went to see .
NEG	sure .
NEG	and after one wonderful early scene , you can see the film wasted and fumbled away .
POS	but in their original forms , fairy tales have a dark , wicked edge .
POS	every morning and evening , carlos nunez ( jay hernandez ) takes a two-hour bus ride in order to attend pacific high school .
POS	during the course of the movie , we see both characters evolve as they struggle to meet the challenge of their new emotions .
NEG	the fight scenes in a hong kong film breath with an emotional resonance .
POS	outside after the party he meets one of the waitresses , mallory doss ( embeth davidzt ) , just as she realizes her car has been stolen .
POS	the rebel's need quaid to defeat cohagen , because quaid knows ( but can't remember yet ) about a reactor that produces air .
NEG	humans discover a planet in which the roles of apes and humans have been reversed , not unlike the roles of horses and humans on jonathan swift's island of the houyhnhnms .
POS	every time i went to a screening , there was the frequency preview .
POS	nicolas cage is seth , a guardian angel who , like hundreds ( likely thousands or even millions ) of other angels , spends eternity watching over the citizens of mortality ; humans never aware of how much celestial intervention occurs in their life .
NEG	he usually knows exactly what to do to make a scene work , but only because he has learned it by rote .
POS	but the circle around shanta is sundered , as is the state .
POS	there are virtually no surprises , and the writing is second-rate .
POS	( he romanced winona ryder in reality bites .
POS	unfortunately , folks , it's not likely .
NEG	and although there is no chemistry between the two leads , they give good performances on their own .
NEG	loveless has taken the country's top technical minds hostage so that they can assist in his deranged plan of total government control , using lethal superweapons to destroy entire towns .
NEG	terel may be right , you know .
NEG	as soon as i thought it , hal holbrook's character actually says " what is this , brewster's millions ? "
NEG	this device was used much more effectively in the overlooked sci-fi film strange days .
NEG	alvin sargent's script was weak and annoyingly claustral .
NEG	he finds a group of shipwrecked settlers abandoned on the planet who nurse him back to health .
POS	even a minor scene involving a man complaining that he has paid for too much grains is included .
NEG	kelsey grammer is good in this , he just doesn't have anything to work with .
POS	woody allen has always been funny , but here he transcends most of what he's done in the past few years .
POS	by this time , rameses is now pharaoh , and the two brothers , now on opposite sides of the line , face off in a battle of wills and divine intervention .
POS	as the introduction explains , even as germany started to lose the war , the nazis stepped up their extermination of the jews in europe .
POS	burke tags along with ripley as they fly to the planet in order to locate the members of the colony .
POS	the man who ordered the murder has been under our nose all along , and we don't realize this until the end when both richard and gerard put the pieces together .
NEG	the lesbian kisses can't hold a candle to those in bound .
POS	it doesn't all work but it's handled with such light-heartedness that robbie and julia coming together generates more smiles than groans .
NEG	wild things does have a lot more to think about than you might expect however .
POS	these actors ( and they are , with two exceptions , men ) were lured by the name of malick .
NEG	director mimi leder came from her successful tries at direction with episodes of the hit television show " er . "
NEG	after all , i measure my age in two digits .
POS	cameron diaz was her usual charming self , although i felt that part was wrong for her , but she pulled it off .
NEG	are the manifestations real ?
POS	indeed , the impact of the film is so protracted that much of it cannot be felt until long after the end credits have rolled .
NEG	there are so many mis-steps .
POS	it is not gratuitous , in fact , we don't even see them kiss , but it is just as well .
NEG	and did i mention the part where larry miller gets anally raped by an overgrown hamster ?
NEG	the director appears to be deep in thought , until he slams his fist down on the desktop and exclaims `i love it ! ! ! '
POS	i had originally written george clooney off as a one-note actor , incapable of depth but occasionally showing a little flair .
POS	at first this character's hyper energy is funny , but the act wears out its welcome very quickly .
POS	his character is definitely over-the-top in this film , but i appreciated his fervor , his rage , his ultimate and blind desire to win above all .
POS	when shown the bridge of the americas by a person marveling over the fact that , since the creation of the panama canal , the structure is the sole connection between north and south america , he barely keeps from yawning .
POS	none of the performers in the film could be classified as a big draw , and its pacing may be a turn-off to those expecting a gripping suspense film filled with twists and turns and car crashes and axe-wielding psychopaths .
POS	a nice , romantic soundtrack adds to this date-night special .
NEG	and here i see jones , at a satellite computer , watching his lover plant the garden ?
NEG	first time director andrzej bartkowiak does a workmanlike job in handling the film .
NEG	his partner-in-crime is the new british " exchange teacher " ( olivia d'abo ) , a lively lass who has obviously seen dangerous minds and knows that the best way to gain the respect of a disinterested , outer-city audience is to teach them something neat .
NEG	the film most blatantly ripped off is scream ( another reason that makes me think silvio horta wrote this after craven's and williamson's great success ) .
NEG	in " a civil action , " however , i have no idea where the running time went , since the film is virtually two hours of nothingness .
POS	by april 13 , 2001 , kozmo was out of money and ceased operations .
POS	he blames not only nixon's own character flaws but also the imperial presidency itself , the system that , once set in motion , behaves with a mindlessness of its own .
NEG	it also gives itself away far too quickly , rather than leaving the big twist for the end .
POS	she is the girl that would be labeled " most likely to achieve anything she wants " in the yearbook , and everyone secretly envied her because of that .
NEG	and by the period in the film he discovered that his newest target , beautiful , wealthy brandi web ( played nicely by whitfield ) who runs a successful real estate business , is out to kill him for dumping her for his childdhood friend mia ( king ) , i found myself thinking , " i'm supposed to feel sorry for this guy ? "
NEG	this movie proves it for me .
NEG	tea leoni plays a ( rather crap ) news reporter , jenny lerner , who soon discovers about this asteroid through a very long winded and boring way , and robert duvall plays the leader of a space crew , spurgeon tanner , who are planning to blow the asteroid out of the path of earth .
NEG	virtually all the trash is vintage 1960 .
POS	still , i say hats off remain to wood , joan allen's subtle but believable performance as a lonely , unappreciated wife , and the always excellent kevin kline .
POS	likewise , jackie has a _great_ supporting cast , many of whom were also in other early jackie films , and they're often the source of plenty of hilarity on their own .
POS	( a congratulations has to be given to actor scott wilson .
POS	technology is organic , but only some of it .
NEG	the storyline is simple and uninspired , and there's a lack of energy to the whole proceedings , which makes the entire drama rather tedious .
NEG	the actors are mostly mobile wooden statues .
POS	but the two are slowly re-drawn to eachother again , and this begins to complicate things .
NEG	and seeing three guys in three-piece suits goofily dancing around with poker faces can only be funny for so long .
POS	some have called the story an " affirmation of the beauty of life " , but i say it is a very dark and bleak statement about man's capability of denial masquerading as an endearing comedy .
NEG	he is the master of the extravagant special effect and the big visual adrenaline rush .
NEG	of course , the real stars of a batman film are the villains and that's where " batman and robin " really suffers .
POS	that is the famous line heston's taylor shouted at the conclusion of the original after discovering the planet's terrible secret .
NEG	and the beautiful vivica a . fox has one lifeless scene as a caring guidance counselor , and then williamson disposes of her character entirely .
NEG	a big house .
POS	" some people believe that we are gonna replace ourselves by building these machines , and that may be , " muses mit robot scientist rodney brooks , who builds robots that run on instinct .
POS	does it matter ?
POS	actually there are many amusing parallels and connections to vampire movies , since the topics are so alike .
NEG	no such luck .
NEG	like home alone 3 but without any class , mr .
NEG	based on a series of comic books , " virus " concerns the crew of an ocean salvage tugboat , which becomes extremely damaged during a violent typhoon .
NEG	what it delivered was mystery science theater 3000-level material -- an inadvertently hilarious story that made me scream advice at the characters .
NEG	the acting in wild things isn't very good , but none of the principals have much to work with .
POS	there's lots of music to be sure , but not a single character song in the whole hour and a half of running time .
NEG	this time , unfortunately , the first comet flick is so bad that people may shy away from armageddon , the upcoming comet-disaster to be released the beginning of july .
NEG	i understand why so many live-action films employ them ? they're cheap ? but animated films can show anything , so why wallow in an industrial trash heap ?
NEG	the film disproves that assumption .
POS	believing at first that his imagined nemesis stuyvesant , shooting evil rays into his mind from atop the chrysler building , is responsible for the murder , romulus ( samuel l . jackson ) is put on the trail of an avant-garde photographer in the mapplethorpe mould , david leppenraub ( colm feore ) .
NEG	grade : z . avoid like the plague , unless you're looking for inadvertent yuks .
NEG	huston is enjoyable in her over-the-top wickedness .
NEG	the spin on this bug , however , is that it can mimic it's predator , and in this case . . . . it's
NEG	the one saving grace of this movie is that it was highly action packed and there always seemed to be something happening .
POS	the visuals are , instead of earth tones , bright worldly colors , and still gives the amazing visual technology of " antz " at least a worthy contender .
NEG	trouble is , sally picked up some interference on her drive-thru headset , and angus worries she may have heard conversations that took place in the helicopter prior to the accidental killing .
NEG	" lake placid " also offers little explanation for why a giant crocodile is in maine .
NEG	the cast help towards the entertainment , apart from an hideous performance by the increasingly lazy nicolas cage .
NEG	rosemary's baby is way too long , and leads up to a payoff that's about as boring and laughable as the rest of the movie .
NEG	no such luck with `down to you' .
NEG	at least fans of the early-'90s tgif television line-up will be thrilled to find jaleel " urkel " white and bronson " balki " pinchot sharing the same footage .
NEG	if i fall asleep on the drive home and wreck my rent-a-car , can i sue brian de palma ?
POS	i'm sure somewhere there are people who get aroused by car accidents , but i personally don't see a connection between car crashes and sex .
NEG	unfortunately , matthau and lemmon's charm isn't enough to compensate for simon's hack script , which wouldn't pass muster even on a upn sitcom .
NEG	the avengers has clearly been chopped up and re-assembled so many times that even the people involved couldn't tell us what happens .
NEG	brandi is a classy , intelligent woman with an mba from harvard , who initally resists darnell's " immature play " as she calls it , as any woman like her would in real life .
POS	the picture advances with a delicate power using small details such as the newspaper article that the uncle tries secretly to remove and that charlie discovers .
POS	lambeau can get him probation instead of prison time as long as will agrees to therapy sessions and to discussing mathematics with him .
POS	fearful that beverly will be angry over his involvement in the race , he claims that he must travel to silver city for a job interview .
NEG	they look like they were inspired by the physics- defying leaps of crouching tiger , hidden dragon .
NEG	the film is tolerable until after its first hour , it then falls completely apart , becoming just too absurd to consider as anything but sitcom fluff gone completely bananas .
POS	synopsis : at one point in the story townsperson karen asks hero tom what happened to her church .
POS	it could of tried a little harder in some parts however , and these parts lag .
NEG	i don't care if you have to inject him with sodium pentathol , just get him out of there .
NEG	the only laughs to escape my belly were brought on by the gloriously inept performance of keanu reeves , the actor once again miscast as a jealous half-brother or something .
NEG	they even have animals , two by two , ready to climb into the cave .
POS	although the movie sometimes goes overboard with the physical comedy , it more than makes up for those mistakes throughout the movie .
NEG	i truly did not get anything out of the film other than the fact that there is a guy on death row who has special powers to heal , and we are left wondering if he should still be executed or not .
NEG	call it a road trip for the walking wounded .
NEG	instead , it's merely bad in an excruciatingly boring sort of way .
NEG	it's a shame , because this cast contains a lot of talented actors looking for something to do .
NEG	however , burton's attempts at inducing fright come off as goofy .
NEG	seen the film .
NEG	it's interesting to note that the film definitely earns its r-rating with a lot of harsh language , alcohol abuse and an unusually high amount of nudity ( including a gratuitous trip to a strip bar that reveals a not very surprising surprise ) .
NEG	it screams sidney lumet all over the place , perhaps because it was produced by marty and michael bregman , producers of lumet's dog day afternoon and serpico .
POS	the casting is what puts this film over the top .
POS	back at home , the two girls try to hold things together but they wonder why their father can't deal with their mother's problems .
POS	this film marks his return .
NEG	williams makes a supposedly impassioned speech about the humanity of all .
NEG	the story is usually of the reformed outlaw , a robert taylor type , who has hung up his guns and is trying for a life of peaceful respectability .
NEG	i find it difficult to relate how laughable the action sequences are in this movie .
NEG	but so little time is devoted to this part of the story , we never really become too familiar with these characters , and because of this , we don't really care what happens to them .
NEG	quite literally , he is the devil in disguise , and as the movie progresses , he reveals some uncanny talents that one could have only if he had sold his soul long ago .
POS	proof of life is a thinking man's action movie .
POS	he is at least intrigued by the note but rejects her affections , it is implied , because he can .
NEG	ultimately , i gave watchers reborn a star and a half because bad horror / sci-fi film buffs may get a few kicks out of the film's silliness ( though this film will tax even their patience -- it's an 83 minute film , but it feels like four hours ) .
NEG	unfortunately , he then wanders so far off into left field that you have to wonder if he had been eating some funny mushrooms when he wrote the script .
NEG	the special effects are enough to keep you interested through one viewing , and some of the cinemtography is well-done ( the scene with the black umbrellas comes to mind ) .
NEG	as i said , the way the script unfolds is a complete mess .
NEG	his actions seem arbitrary , and his reasons for them not fully known .
NEG	nielson
NEG	and oh , what joy - we're the lovely audience they'd like to take home with them .
NEG	after making " mission : impossible " , brian de palma has a lot to live up to .
NEG	i'd never thought i'd be saying this , but at this juncture , charlie sheen's career is in better shape .
POS	she sounds way too soft in several places where she should be comanding ( like . . . patti
NEG	episode 1 is just disappointing .
POS	but for hobbes , the nightmare is just beginning , because reese wasn't a normal psychopath ? he was the host body for a mythical dark angel named azazel .
POS	and there's plenty of action here for two movies .
POS	so titanic's not in gwtw's league .
NEG	some movies obviously exist only to put wares on the screen and to do that , less talented people are used .
POS	considering these factors it's good to see that ronin was a project that turned out well , and it's another good bet this month .
POS	those aren't the only casablanca characters to put in appearances .
NEG	but bruce wayne had human elements to him .
NEG	the fact that we don't get close to his character is because of the sloppy screenplay .
POS	another person who often crosses melvin's sights is simon ( greg kinnear ) , an artist who lives on melvin's floor .
POS	one scene has catherine and james having sex , while she softly asks him questions about being with a man , which sounds almost erotic the way she says it .
POS	the villain is an old nazi whose legs were broken in the secret base so that he has to be carried everywhere , and he's more pathetic than evil .
POS	i wondered if he was thinking about things that he would never say ( or didn't know how to say ) or if he was just taking a long time to think about the thing he just said .
POS	the climatic scene is a marvel .
NEG	no such thing will happen to bruno , whom i believe worked in some capacity on that quasi-landmark feature ; while bruno may have studied under cameron's wing for years and years , i'm beginning to wonder at what capacity , and what exactly did he learn from him .
NEG	" never been kissed " is entertaining and funny in fits and starts .
POS	she orders a huge pie-making machine , cackling , " chickens go in ; pies come out . "
NEG	i ordinarily find leguizamo an intensely annoying presence in films which seems to make him a perfect candidate for the violator .
POS	it's a simple tale of good versus evil .
POS	there are many scenes ( ah , character scenes ) to laugh at , others pull some tears .
NEG	the film's acting ( if that's what you want to call it ) is well mediocre to me .
NEG	a veteran of numerous intergalactic wars , todd is 40 and he's obsolete .
POS	while i freely admit that i know less than nothing about the market ( knowledge check : prices up -- good ; prices down -- bad ; most of the time , at least ) and hence really couldn't comment with any authority , it's always nonetheless struck me as an incredibly naive oversimplification of an astonishingly complex system ( and besides , if it were that simple , no doubt somebody would've already figured it all out ) .
NEG	in addition to the usual cast of psychopaths and lunatics , there's finnegan ( treat williams ) , the boat's pilot , who's supposed to be an indiana jones knockoff ; joey ( kevin j . o'connor ) , the inept sidekick who's supposed to be lovable and funny ( but is really just irritating ) ; and hanover ( wes studi ) , the " mastermind " ( and i use that term lightly ) of the operation .
NEG	meanwhile , kevin j . o'connor , who has entirely too much screen time , exhibits all the appeal of fingernails scratching a blackboard .
POS	then , disaster strikes .
POS	while it's certainly not perfect , repeated viewings reveal it to be nonetheless a densely plotted and terrifically stylish thriller .
POS	however , most people seem to want to witness ripley die ( which creates a paradox , as she is the character i didn't want to see die ) .
POS	what makes the film a completely different experience is how director boyle uses every tool at his disposal to make the filmic medium synchronous with the message .
POS	when i inquired about the rating on the trailer , a very nice woman at the mpaa quoted from " the handbook " that a trailer approved for all audiences could contain " no homosexuality or lesbianism and no going down on someone . "
NEG	one thing i hadn't expected from the film is that jolie affects a slightly better english accent than her pa ( although i suspect that thin-looking moustache he's forced to wear gets in the way some ) .
POS	playing one who has the cameras constantly invading his most intimate moments turns to be quite the role of jim carrey's life .
NEG	relentless 3 , third in the row , features sam dietz again , but this time detective , who had to catch vicious serial killer in his very first case , doesn't want to deal with similar line of work .
NEG	an original moment in this loser is as rare as a chicago cubs world series appearance .
POS	because if lucas does the next one himself , it will be lacking the one thing it needs the most - potential .
NEG	in one shot , actress has cloths on , camera angle changes , actress seems to have lost clothing .
POS	the direction is very nearly sitcom like , but suits the film perfectly , and both the politics are gangland parts are handled well .
POS	but writer/director/producer james cameron's real challenge in writing/directing/ producing titanic wasn't just costuming and set design and special effects .
NEG	i generally like it when actors are cast against type ( tim " tiny " lister , jr . being cast as the president of the u . s . in the fifth element , for example ) , and remar has always been one of my favorite " utility " actors but he's so totally wrong for this part that he doesn't even have the luxury of amused self-awareness .
NEG	* * * * = one of the top few films of this or any year .
POS	by scott watson
POS	this is where the money was spent , on well-choreographed kung-fu sequences , on giant kevlar hamster balls , on smashed-up crates of bananas , and on scorpions .
POS	it's enough to make me forgive dogma for its editorial sins .
POS	not only does it have a sense of history , but burton's skillful use of setting and mood make this an entertaining exercise in horror .
POS	ozon seems to ask what you would do , and that's certainly a hard question to answer .
POS	another thing that helps " chicken run " ( and most of park's films ) succeed is the animators' subtle way of giving nods to the very films they're cribbing .
POS	" drunken master " , though its plot is tighter than some , is no exception .
POS	the only distraction is dramatic music of geoffrey burgon , used on the wrong places .
POS	don't live to eat . " ) . but
NEG	i never thought i would utter the word boring in the same sentence as jerry springer , but this film is an absolute yawn-fest , despite offering various scenes featuring simulated blowjobs , lesbians , t&a and tv violence ( who would've guessed that ? ) .
POS	arguments for both sides are intelligent , solid , and thought-provoking .
NEG	how do we know she's evil ?
NEG	mind you , if you enjoyed that film's shrug-of-the-shoulders ending , you might just enjoy this frivolous ditty as well .
NEG	heck , ten times .
POS	duchovny , who is excellent at understatement and self-deprecation as an actor showcases his considerable comedic talent on screen .
POS	likewise , chad and howard are simply the sum of their actions .
POS	i wish wonder boys had more of him .
NEG	or why no one looked at this thing before it was released and realized there might be problems .
POS	gibson , of course , was just being gibson , in an oscar-worthy performance .
POS	of course , maximus proves as able a gladiator as he was a soldier , and his fame spreads .
POS	all of this adds up to this year's funniest comedy , a creative , witty , and scathing film from james l . brooks , and brooks gets award-worthy performances from the entire cast .
NEG	we then cut to a plane load of smoke jumping cowboys and one cowgirl , where one of the gung-ho guys is taking a romance quiz from " cosmopolitan . "
NEG	well , the same thing happens in " the devils advocate " , and although arguments could be made surrounding whether it was actually a dream ( perhaps milton went back in time to try a different route for his plan , since it failed and he is the devil ) , but the point is that the last 90% of the film didn't happen .
NEG	while stallone still carries his own weight here , the movie lacks what the original did as well : purpose .
NEG	unfortunately , those two seconds are over about fifteen minutes into the film .
NEG	brilliant marketing , as no one cares about anything having to do with christmas after december 26th .
NEG	all this is likely to come as a shock to the young female fan base of dawson's creek , presumably the target audience for the picture .
NEG	the most irritating part of the film ( besides the fact that this is a christmas movie released in february ) is the number of chances the bad guys get to kill rudy but fail or delay for some idiotic reason .
POS	parker effort , to be irritating and frustrating .
POS	it certainly helps that he has an underrated performer in top-form playing the title character , truman burbank .
NEG	there aren't enough great directors and actors to create the number of films necessary .
POS	as i walked out of crouching tiger , hidden dragon i thought to myself that i had had just seen a great film .
NEG	you suddenly feel like a doomed character straight out of scanners .
NEG	god , via his gift of holy spirit , is able to communicate to men .
POS	for instance , the meaning of the book " the catcher in the rye " and its ties to assassins , the reason lone gunmen have three names ( e . g .
NEG	what would you do if no one could see you ?
NEG	i think fincher was acting as if the film is moodier and more poignant than it really is , which is probably one of the reasons it fails miserably .
NEG	those who tend not to be nostalgic about 1980s can find very good reason in the type of movies that made ginty the star .
POS	he plays jimmy , a burned out teenager who becomes addicted to suzanne's sexual favors .
POS	we know that tornadoes over land can rip up land and even objects of some size from the ground and hurl them into the air , holding them aloft .
POS	thing is , the film doesn't feel like it's been lifted from somewhere else ; " chicken run " feels fresh , alive , like nothing else ever done .
POS	led by fighting sensation jet li , whose martial arts skill is nothing less than impressive , he does what he can to make sure that no one finds out what they are up to .
POS	is her political nemesis and turns in a good alexander haig performance .
NEG	when the sole reason you care about a character being played by sidney poitier in a suspense film is because he's being played by sidney poitier , you know something's rotten in the state of denmark .
NEG	director michael bay lays the visual and sound effects on thick , like ketchup , eventually drowning the movie on-screen .
POS	in fact , the whole sequence was quite reminiscent of the final showdown scene from taxi driver , and i guess that's saying something right there .
POS	poor mr . tweedy ( tony haygarth ) suspects the chickens are organizing in some way , but his limited intellect prevents him from figuring things out , and his overbearing wife certainly isn't any help .
NEG	in addition , the space is way too small for him ( after all , he is a really big gorilla ) .
POS	see it twice .
NEG	motaro and sheeva are both more convincing and lifelike than goro was in the first movie .
NEG	these great actors are basically helpless with this muddled mess that defies any rationality .
POS	_beloved_ takes place in the second half of the 19th century , during the so-called reconstruction era after the civil war .
POS	even the most naturalistic scenes are laced with dark humour and grotesque images .
NEG	divorced , demoralised and transferred , he reluctantly returns to his old post when los angeles becomes a hunting ground for another serial killer , and evidence indicate connection with one of dietz's old cases .
POS	earth is , in some ways , an unexceptional movie .
POS	real people don't act that way ; real people aren't that nice .
POS	the cinematography , by alex thomson , is very well done , with a terrific chase sequence towards the end of the movie .
POS	but don't you dare think that election's goals are similar .
POS	it's also noticeable that this " alternative lifestyle " becomes less and less taboo as the years go by , and it seems that using comedy as a medium is proving a worthwhile effort .
NEG	in " returns , " it was a good make-out scene with selena .
POS	brooks direction is good , though , if a bit average , but he usually manages to get an emotion out of the audience .
POS	at one point we clearly see arnold's desk calendar say " jan 16 tues . "
POS	the film shows us what the family does together and at the same time follows several family members' individual story lines .
POS	that this work fails to be subtle and polarizes opinions , leaving no room for deeper arguments , is the shame of this decent and smart film , that tried so hard to say what it felt it had to say but said it so loudly without trusting its audience to catch on to its message by not making everything seem so black and white .
POS	but iron monkey , the latest asian import , shows us how to get it right .
POS	the core scene of the movie is set on a surrealistic beach on a far-away world in the starsystem of vega .
NEG	like all those films prefixed by the very possessive " john carpenter's , " " ghosts of mars " is an unashamed b-movie punctuated by a b-movie plot , b-movie actors , and b-movie special effects .
POS	( which is key to the conclusion's said ambiguity ) .
POS	the boy goes wide-eyed with wonderment and delight , thinking he has won the game .
POS	ilm and dreamquest do some good work ( such as a subway station scene ) but the model work is not so good .
NEG	the music is blaring , the floors moving , the ceiling morphing and the pictures on the walls screaming -- and all of this , every second , every moment of screen time , is absolutely without life .
POS	some of the special effects and fighting were breathtaking .
POS	we were concerned for his well-being , and wanted him to win .
NEG	walt disney studios may have finally met its match with the lush animation in twentieth century fox's anastasia .
POS	through edgecomb's experiences on a cell block known as the green mile where death row prisoners wait and repent , the audience sees good and evil on both sides of the law .
POS	the writer perhaps feels that he doesn't have to present scenes that are clear to him , but the lack of which only baffles an audience which has not read the book .
POS	her singing could be better though .
POS	the film is neither ambitious nor pretentious .
POS	though it is a fine piece of filmmaking , there's something about elizabeth . . . that
NEG	many of the jokes revolve around toilet humour , and supposedly we are meant to find julian and sonny peeing against a wall to be funny .
NEG	this may be true , and it might actually work , but there is only one problem -- jan de bont is not hichock and the things that he shows are not scary , only stupid .
POS	i'll not say more except that the ending is perfect and a bit of a surprise .
POS	even though no one ( and , if so , _very_ few people ) can directly relate to will's burden of superhuman intelligence , the insecurities he suffers are universal .
POS	it's impossible to tear your eyes away from janis joplin as she belts out her ballad about love being a ball and chain .
POS	coyle takes a look at the young bruin star bobby orr from his upper deck seat and says , " to be young like that and have his future , he's the greatest hockey player in the world . "
NEG	the spin this time around : fresh from serving as southern militiamen in the civil war , jesse james ( farrell ) , his brother frank ( gabriel macht ) , and his pal cole younger ( scott caan ) lay down their arms and head home to missouri to tend the family farms after the war has ended .
NEG	we can use the barn and my mom can make the curtains ! "
NEG	but not even they could save this sad excuse for a film , so it remains plagued by poor performances .
POS	? 1999 eugene novikov&#137 ;
POS	every now and then , scenes that depict 1930s reality gradually slide into fantasies of movie's characters and rimini becomes almost indistinguishable from the magical place in characters' visions .
NEG	as yoda would say , inspire it does not .
POS	this archetypal realm is the setting for a smart , subtle , literate script , a script which is as good as you'd expect from jordan ( himself an accomplished fiction writer ) and carter .
POS	the five are instructed not to reveal their real names or personal details or anything the cops could use if one of them was captured and interrogated .
NEG	don't hesitate .
NEG	perhaps berkley could join their ranks and leave the real acting to pauly shore and cindy crawford .
POS	only a year after the initial release of " scream , " the horror send-up from veteran horror director wes craven and screenwriter kevin williamson that seemed to breathe new life into the slasher genre , the inevitable sequel " scream 2 " has arrived in our theaters .
NEG	the happy bastard's quick movie review
POS	he has said that no force on earth or heaven could get him back near real dinosaurs .
NEG	the two of them and their friends wile away their time snorting and shooting up dope , usually heroin .
POS	never mind that there's so much going on in this movie in terms of plot , action , special effects and long-term story that to analyze every aspect would take a lot of time and energy and still wouldn't cover everything .
POS	as jerry and lori fall in love , can he do what must be done to fulfill his pledge ?
POS	it's a nice holiday movie , one for holding hands and snuggling .
POS	his character makes an exit which is supposed to be temporary , but the film ends before his return , leaving his relationship with simon and melvin unresolved .
NEG	there are some moments of good humor in the real blonde , but not enough .
NEG	but then when " analyze this " finally opened a few days ago , an odd thing happened .
NEG	her fits of frenzy are energetic enough but the quieter moments are less successful .
POS	after hiring someone to kill him , he completely changes his campaign strategy and tells the honest truth about what's _really_ happening in american politics , much to the annoyance of assistant dennis murphy ( platt . )
NEG	france was involved in " the hundred years war " against england .
POS	a third class postal worker , lumumba , speaks his mind to heads of the most powerful tribes , proclaiming himself not tribal , not regional , but a national leader .
POS	barry bostwick ( brad majors ) tries to sing as does susan sarandon , but tim curry is clearly the most professional having extensive stage experience .
NEG	the director is paul verhoven .
NEG	.
POS	expecting them to give the viewer insights into the human condition is like expecting your car to vacuum your house .
POS	alex has been spending a lot of time together with lillian , as these two seem to share the same views and are physically attracted to each other , but when the time is ripe for an affair to take place between them , lillian changes her mind and decides not to go up to alex's apartment .
NEG	sure , she is one of the most beautiful creatures on god's green earth ( second only to that movie critic at large guy ) , but when it comes to choosing what movies she stars in , she always strikes out .
NEG	they didn't .
POS	i am not a fan of the x-files , i only watch it when nothing else is on and i prefer millennium .
NEG	were they living there before krypton exploded ?
POS	the seasons have changed since an ex-patient shot jaded child psychologist malcolm crowe ( willis ) in the comfort of his own bedroom .
POS	i saw the truman show with an audience full of teenagers , most of whom were no doubt drawn by ace ventura himself and hoping to see his latest take on fart jokes .
NEG	anyone interested in hearing my ideas for a few good movies can write me and hear my pitch , because god knows i know i can do better .
POS	either way , you should probably know the premise of the truman show going into it , because otherwise you'll probably think it sucks .
POS	both men have recently been dumped themselves , and chad sees an easy route to revenge against the fairer sex .
POS	he is the clown , but he is not a fool .
POS	god would do it him/herself , but he/she is . . . missing , having taken up human form somewhere on earth never to be heard from again .
POS	it = is one of the great satirical scenes in modern cinema .
NEG	the irony , of course , is that schumacher and " seven " scribe andrew kevin walker's vision of life in the snuff lane is limited by what they can show in an r-rated , first-run hollywood product .
POS	later he will learn that his name is john murdoch ( sewell ) , but for now he has no idea what's going on other than the fact something is not right .
POS	* * a little creaky , but still better than staying at home with gotcha !
NEG	there are several scenes in the preview that didn't make the final cut .
NEG	annie wilson ( cate blanchett ) , a widow who struggles to raise her children in a small town in georgia is asked for help by local authorities in solving the case of a missing woman .
POS	to solve this case , zero reluctantly crawls out of his shell .
POS	yet , he must reach his goal of $50 million , which requires him to steal the energy formula , putting his feelings aside .
POS	as transportation troubles thwart them at every turn , ben and sarah begin a three-day southward journey in which their connection grows ever stronger , ben seeing in sarah the chances he's never taken and sarah seeing in ben the stability she's never had .
NEG	it was almost laughable that nomi had the guts to claim that she's " not a whore " .
NEG	the reality is that after 15 minutes of watching this picture , you know exactly what's going to happen , despite rather pathetic attempts in the screenplay to throw in plot twists .
NEG	on the other hand , mary stuart masterson ( some kind of wonderful , fried green tomatoes , benny & joon ) cast as a down-and-out stripper who has her fingers broken is quite a breath of fresh air , with just the right mix of cynicism , warmth , insecurity and humour to be the movie's only endearing character .
POS	so don't be cruel , don't turn away , don't curl up with your latest flame tonite ( whether she be a hard-headed woman or not ) and surrender to the hound dog of movies that is this film .
NEG	he does , however , have a propensity for choosing hopeless material as in last year's father's day and this year's my giant .
NEG	it is the ultimate sign of futility when a screenwriter ( the very experienced gerald di pego ) has to resort to literally telling the audience a movie's story .
POS	it is not as engrossing as his carl childers character in slingblade , but is is just as complex , if not more so .
NEG	did it just feel like that ?
POS	in election , there are no " good guys " .
POS	incidentally , helen is also an expert on the subject of serial killers , which make her a juicy target for serial killer wannabes .
POS	hank is arrested .
POS	you be the judge .
POS	sadly , he doesn't get a chance to do much of it .
NEG	kelly van ryan ( denise richards ) adores him to such extent that she offers to wash his jeep with a partner .
NEG	so , no one is left to save the day but our would-be superheroes , but their abilities are more " little league " than " justice league . "
POS	that said , a good mastering job has been performed on the film itself .
POS	it's no goodfellas , and it probably won't be remembered as much as groundhog day , but analyze this is a well done comedy that won't leave you feel cheated .
NEG	it features an accomplished actor and a potentially engrossing story , but it's as dull as could be .
NEG	the killings are certainly inventive and plentiful enough to satistfy most gore fans .
NEG	nurse betty is a film driven by coincidence rather than charter , like how betty becomes a nurse in the film , a job that she takes in order to get closer to her imaginary lover ; she happens to be at the hospital at the exact moment that a drive by shooting takes place and miraculously knows how to take care of the victim's wound because she happened to see how on tv , which leads to her being offered a room with the victim's girlfriend who eventually gets betty into a party where she meets kinnear ? ? ? a little too tidy , don'tcha think .
NEG	ultimately , _54_'s failure comes down to three letters : f-u-n .
POS	the story is simple , very simple , about an alien being that drops out of the sky and befriends a young boy .
POS	marky mark , plays eddie adams , a seventeen year old with a certain 'gift' in the midriff area .
NEG	this revelation exists purely for its own sake .
POS	just like in " star wars : episode 1--the phantom menace " stuart little and his family are all computer generated and they look fantastically real .
NEG	entrapment should not have been boring .
NEG	we get a clue here and one there as to what is going on but j . d . zeik's screenplay is a bit obscure .
POS	the portrayal of eva in the beginning is too soft , seeming like parker and oliver stone , who adapted it for the screen , are afraid to present her for what she is , even while it's being narrated by a hater of eva's , the omnipotent ( antonio banderas ) , who presents her in a negative light .
POS	that the director's point of view is absolutely right , is beside the point .
NEG	murphy's awful script is the culprit .
POS	the nephew is generation secrecy of a " titanic " proportion .
POS	there's actually a story with depth here .
POS	still , despite the story problems , the fifth element is an artistic triumph for luc besson ; rarely does a filmmaker's original vision come to the screen in all its audacious , undiluted glory .
POS	their talent lies not in their ability to reflect the norms of reality , but in their potential to dig out the darkest corners of life and bring them to light .
NEG	after freeing one of the most notorious bad guys in the city ( geoffrey rush , overacting just a bit too much ) to keep himself busy , things get out of hand when captain amazing is captured .
POS	mulan will set a new standard by which future animated efforts by disney and other studios will have to work hard to attain .
POS	but jack didn't count on u . s . marshal karen sisco ( jennifer lopez ) .
NEG	the first half hour generated not one smile in me , with it's scenes of emotional abuse towards adam's character of bobby boucher not only by the cruel football players , but also by his very disturbed mother ( kathy bates - what is the world coming to ? ) .
NEG	the evening talks at the camp are chaired by a motherly type named maggie , a self-professed lesbian , and when noel owns up to also being a lesbian , claire looks like she's been hit with a sockful of wet sand .
POS	the movie's biggest strength is that it fact makes sense .
POS	i gave the first " scream " 3 1/2 stars as well because it worked pretty consistently as a light-hearted send-up .
POS	neither of these have much plot relevance but are given ample time to develop , like the captain koons gold watch speech in pulp fiction , only here these sequences are more enjoyable than the rest of the movie .
NEG	it looked like the light operator was having a seizure , and sorvino didn't even notice - she just stood there looking like she was having deep thoughts .
NEG	no only could they have let the water out of the pool and avoided the complication altogether , but there is by far too much water to be accounted for by what was in the pool .
NEG	spotting a cruise ship in the distance , they make their way to the ocean liner and devise a plan to raid the machine shop , take the parts that they need , and then continue on their merry way .
POS	as though the temptation to fix were not hindrance enough , spoon and stretch also find their attempts to get clean hitting a road block of bureaucracy , confusion and red tape .
NEG	er , it's kevin bacon who plays the super smart military bio-molecular research scientist ?
NEG	it's jaws , but with lions .
POS	bala asks z is he would like to dance , and they engage in a pulp fiction-esque dance while everyone else is following the leader .
NEG	abruptly ending without any susceptible momentum , where none came before that to begin with , " a civil action " seemed to me , at least , to be an example of how not to make a courtroom drama , and it certainly did not do justice to the very serious subject matter the film deals with .
POS	" wild things " would be a guilty pleasure , only there's no guilty feeling involved in having a good time with it .
POS	and as , " living out loud , " which is one of the best films of the year , proves , sometimes a friendship is the strongest bond anyone could possibly ask for .
POS	the sum total of these tales is meant to provide the framework for finn's story : whether to go forward with her marriage or dally with a hunky stranger .
POS	no surprise that it was directed by walter hill ( 48 hrs . ) , who understands this kind of macho romanticism perfectly , and has put together a movie that's a mixture of times and sensibilities , but perfectly unified in tone .
POS	to be fair , the flaws in their characters aren't all acting-related ; neither stanton nor gretta milano are well-written .
NEG	synopsis : sonny koufax ( adam sandler ) is a rich , childish , angry man who has just been dumped by his girlfriend vanessa ( kristy swanson ) .
POS	so she gives him nora's body description and stands him up .
POS	but it still works out , gives us a great love story combined with a political and boxing drama , and features great acting .
NEG	it throws in a ton of action that is borrowed from other superior films .
NEG	the pacing is all off in , " the butcher boy . "
NEG	even worse is the treatment of secondary characters .
NEG	like last year's the thin red line , it's a movie by a director who doesn't know what he wants to say but goes ahead and says it anyway .
POS	the screenplay , written by co-star steve martin , skewers everything in hollywood from cheesy science-fiction movies to chop-socky fight sequences , and all in a crafty and accomplished manner .
NEG	the happy couple " psychoanalyze " each other ; they pick out a song because , as prinze's dj mother ( lucie arnez ) explains , every couple needs a song ; he smells her shampoo ; she scratches his chest in the morning to let him know she wants to make love .
NEG	writer-director john herzfeld's two days in the valley falls into the latter category .
POS	but life has a way of complicating things .
POS	capsule : a short punchy action sequel to the two dinosaur films made by steven spielberg .
POS	even worse , in the wake of federal trade commission hearings that blasted the industry for marketing violent and sexual movies to young people , the studio got a case of the heebie-jeebies and forced director john stockwell to re-shoot scenes and cut footage to " tone things down . "
POS	it's a lot of fun , and it doesn't overwhelm the rest of the movie .
NEG	fields !
POS	actually , yes .
NEG	partial credit at least should go to jerry goldsmith whose extremely inventive score is one of goldsmith's best if not his best .
NEG	turbulence starts out with a " convict " ray liotta being accused of a crime .
POS	like sleepless in seattle , this comedy/romance is predictable all the way through , but we care enough about the characters that we root them on and will the romance to blossom .
NEG	more like a hugh asshole , but that's beside the point , which is : nine months includes too many needlessly stupid jokes that get laughs from the ten year olds in the audience while everyone else shakes his or her head in disbelief .
NEG	serafine disappears , but a smitten andy seeks her out .
NEG	truth be told , " supernova " wasn't quite as bad as i thought it might be .
NEG	maybe it would have been a better film if we saw the story unfold through their eyes .
POS	the government and other authorities know of the existence of vampires , but they let them feast of the population at large because they are taking bribes from the vampires .
NEG	sure , it creeped and spooked me out a little here and there , but on the whole , it took waaaaay too long to get going , provided very little meat in the plot , went way past its own bedtime , and basically relied on grunts , the muttering of children's voices and over-the-top special effects , to scare us .
NEG	sci-fi fans take note : there are brief appearances from stephen collins ( star trek : the motion picture ) and faye grant ( the tv miniseries " v " and " v : the final battle " ) .
POS	but it's certainly worth noting that this is a well-acted drama showcasing nolte's and coburn's raw acting talents .
NEG	having withheld sex until the honeymoon , max pretends to pass out on their wedding night .
NEG	degeneres is horrible and her character is even worse , a tough-talking vulgar cop with a bad wardrobe and bad hair .
POS	i did however enjoy director duguay's interesting style and cinematic vision .
NEG	the two twins who play julian are o . k , they start out rather well , but then becoming annoying and brattish halfway through and finally turn 'all american' wholesome goodness at the end of the film , where the tear juice is turned up high .
POS	.
POS	it's 1957 , and for the boys of coalwood , west virginia , there's not much hope of a rosy future .
NEG	big daddy is for die hard fans of sandler , and that's about it .
NEG	it takes little time at all for the group's leader , courtney ( rose mcgowan ) , to decide to cover it up .
POS	ian michael smith , in his film debut , has such a strong physical presence that you believe he is simon without any hesitation .
POS	washington's subdued approach is part of the reason for this ; i never felt a sense of urgency .
NEG	we never get a hint about how any of this has changed anyone , only how they felt about things that didn't even happen yet .
POS	the story is typical sci-fi fantasy , but the conviction of the cast--most notably the always-phenomenal stewart--makes you believe and care .
POS	( just * how * does one pass off the deaths of millions of people as an * mishap * ? )
NEG	a special note should be made about martin sheen as the over-the-top , obnoxious , evil general wynn .
POS	extra-marital , gay , interracial , professor-student : here they aren't judged , merely choices .
POS	yet , despite the many laughs love and death offers , it never takes cheap shots .
POS	john cusack has finally been given a chance to prove his ability , and he does it well .
NEG	this sub-plot goes absolutely nowhere except maybe to deliver an unsubtle hint that fornicators should practice birth control .
NEG	alas , my giant is a film that uses manipulative sentimentality so frequently and with such high intensity that i forgot as i watched it that there are other ways of getting audience members choked up .
NEG	our show's two heroes , the crew's chief , wynt perkins , played laconically by scott glenn , and his second-in-command , jesse graves , played by howie long in a weak attempt to be the next steven seagal , enter the burning house looking for the little girl .
NEG	it's not all bad news .
NEG	taken as a whole , " mercury rising " is an tepid , confused movie that lacks style , wit , and any traces of a sense of humor .
NEG	it got great reviews .
NEG	bottom line : the hollow isn't the only thing that's sleepy .
NEG	i can picture amiel patting himself on the back , thinking to himself " it'll leave the audience wondering for days : how did he do that ? "
NEG	something this bad can't help but look even worse .
POS	the contrast between the two friends is interesting to watch .
NEG	there are also some other good scenes in " metro " that a lot of films would rather choose not to have .
NEG	he has come to the us to seek vengeance for the death of his daughter jenny .
NEG	depalma , who idolizes hitchcock to death , has done many a film like this , such as his masterpiece , " blow out , " where a movie soundman uses movie elements to uncover a conspiracy piece by piece .
NEG	as long as you have plenty of narcotics , immunity is guaranteed .
POS	craven has remembered that scares are more important that graphic displays of human insides and bodily fluids .
POS	she is a nurse and helps helen get through her turmoil with drugs .
NEG	someone regurgitate half-digested bits of food and cherry pits all over rooms , people , the screen , and ultimately , the audience .
NEG	it goes on and on throughout the movie , but every time freeman goes on tv , we know his plan is going to fail .
NEG	each scene with her is the same : scream at someone , hit someone , then scream some more .
NEG	and in fact the beginning was rather intriguing .
NEG	this is loud , jolting entertainment - adjectives that completely negate the rest of the film .
POS	it is so contrived-- and so conventional compared to what precedes it-- that everything which follows ( including the ending ) becomes far less interesting .
NEG	as an example of this film's vastly creative imagination the writers of spawn decided to include a poor orphan boy who is abandoned and beaten , and then rescued by spawn , so our emotions tend to be a little more sympathetic .
NEG	we never learn anything about jennifer which is a shame too because forlani is the only actor to bring any life into her character .
NEG	seagal gallantly replies : " i'll leave when you take the poison from the streams and the earth . "
POS	nevertheless , it's an emotionally moving picture , and patch adams looks to be one of the more memorable of the holiday season .
POS	this crackling good mixture results in a film which is at once funny , exciting , moving and uplifting .
POS	as any self-respecting star wars fan should know , anakin will grow up to be darth vader and give birth to luke skywalker .
NEG	is it just that there are no better offers out there ?
POS	the deer hunter , directed by michael cimino , is truly one of the greatest movies ever made .
POS	regardless of one's personal stand on the divisive matter of abortion , it is hard to imagine anyone becoming offended by the evenhanded treatment used by these filmmakers .
NEG	if you're a fan of norm macdonald's other chaotic comedy , dirty work , you might actually love this near-sequel .
POS	i wasn't offended by the film , but then again , i hardly care about politics . ?
NEG	comedy . " c " .
NEG	the father of her child is dead , the victim of a severe heart attack brought on by sadistic torture from his two stepsons - these flyboys scared him with their low-flying helicopter .
POS	in malick's three hour bore-a-thon , he makes an interesting attempt to link mother earth to his war story .
POS	( how exactly this is supposed to rehabilitate him is anybody's guess . )
POS	zhang zi-yi ( " crouching tiger , hidden dragon " ) continues to display her martial arts skills as ricky's taciturn henchlady , hu li , who carries on an ongoing battle with carter .
NEG	jason had long , wild hair when he was unmasked in part 2 . now , one day later he's completely bald .
POS	the others--sikh , hindu , muslim--are older ; some are married ; but all appreciate shanta , who is played by the stirringly beautiful nandita das .
POS	but her half-sister queen mary ( kathy burke ) , deathly ill and unable to conceive a child , pleas with elizabeth to take over the throne .
NEG	it's either about a woman who's haunted by a recurring ( and recurring and recurring ) nightmare that she's a hired assassin , or it's about a hired assassin who's haunted by a recurring ( and recurring and recurring ) nightmare that she's honeymooning with william baldwin in jamaica .
POS	in " meet joe black " , brad pitt plays death .
NEG	it was the kind of movie that you hoped would somehow end soon , as it seemed to be in the habit of rehashing its same viewpoint unnecessarily--the message it keeps sending was already received .
POS	taking a welding job , he works hard while studying constantly for his college bars , reciting latin over and over again , and training himself .
POS	tim robbins registers in an even tinier part as a new age-type , a character played entirely for cartoon yuks , but still manages to work its desired comic effect .
POS	the boxing story is very minor to the story , but does represent people coming together to fight eachother fairly , and even with good sportsmanship .
NEG	who knows , who cares , this " satire " sucks the bag .
POS	the weird twitches and bizarre modes of speech , the dapper clothes and cool spectacles , the unexpected pathos which he invests in his character .
POS	but by the end of the film we were all on truman burbank's side .
NEG	while his ex-girlfriend linda ( elisabeth shue ) desperately tries to find something to return him to normal , he learns that invisibility is more of a prison than a superpower .
POS	alien 3 is the only alien film i have seen in theaters .
POS	be forewarned .
NEG	alas , the old hag herself finds the three scheming , and snatches the test , and prepares to talk to the principal in the morning .
POS	it soon becomes apparent that dean and hogarth can't keep the giant a secret forever , because a government spook named kent mansley ( christopher mcdonald ) has been brought in to investigate mysterious sightings in the surrounding forest area and considers the giant a threat to national security .
NEG	as one might expect from the synopsis , director dennis dugan resorts to the usual bag of manipulative and sentimental sequences , including a repulsive courtroom battle and a lot of teary scenes in which characters say " good-bye " to one another ; in addition , there's a ridiculous amount of disgusting toilet humor ( urine and vomit both get more screen time than sandler himself ) .
POS	but i guess after seeing the no-holds-barred coarseness of south park , this seems tame by comparison .
NEG	his character is reminiscent of his villainous characterizations in broken arrow and face/off .
POS	the issues tackled in earth have a particular urgency in light of the nuclear test bombings that took place last year .
NEG	then there's the script : the film just never convinces you that the plight of jonnie in teaching his fellow humans to fight and `take back the planet' would be a difficult task to achieve .
NEG	it may have been wiser had the film makers simply went all the way in that direction , casting jerry seinfeld as the hardened criminal and howard stern as the sniveling bad guy ( who's played here by gary sinise in yet another over the top villain performance )
POS	many critics will call that a better film , but i believe they only say that because it was a completely original motion picture .
POS	all the actors sing their songs with no dubbing from other actors- kind of a bad thing .
POS	the action , at least what there is of it , is prime cut stuff .
POS	the special effects are wonderfully seamless , with a terrifying alien to go with them .
POS	i wish the entertainment factor was as high for the sam raimi/rob tapert audio track .
POS	carolyn burnham ( annette bening ) , is the prototypical career woman/ homemaker .
NEG	and i wouldn't be surprised if i found out there was an hour and a half of footage cut from this movie lying in a landfill somewhere , or waiting in the wings for the dvd special director's cut . . .
POS	merman ! ! " ) .
NEG	i couldn't help but hide my face in shame when norton beats himself up into a bloody pulp .
NEG	in fact , listing spicer's filmography ( which includes the first " power rangers " movie and the big screen adaption of mchale's navy ) is more of an insult than a r ? sum ? !
POS	one of the most genuinely exciting films i've seen in a long time .
NEG	the little intelligence that was left disappears as verhoven looses control and the film turns into an alien-rip-off , where caine is walking like a half finished terminator , spooking , scaring and killing everybody .
NEG	inspector gadget , oddly enough , follows almost exactly the same format as my favorite martian , down to the jive-talking side-kick .
NEG	the rest of the actors are wooden mannequins trying not to laugh while delivering lines that no person -- " man-animal " or not -- would ever utter .
NEG	all of them have the means of carrying out the deed .
NEG	meanwhile , when there were action sequences , they were not at all interesting or inventive , relying on that old reliable ticking timer that counts down very , very slowly .
NEG	his part is mildly amusing .
NEG	as often happens with writers who are working below what they are actually capable of , most of the really good lines are throwaways , while the big , painstaking gags mostly fall flat .
POS	upon leaving the theater , i was looking up in the sky , wondering if it was nothing more than a gigantic dome .
POS	i , on the other hand , couldn't attract a man to save my life . . .
NEG	mary ann is starting to have numerous problems .
POS	he isn't the obvious best of actors , but dillon does give a convincing performance .
NEG	that's about as strong as the characterization gets , which is a shame .
POS	of course ricky , a motormouth who inserts both feet everytime he speaks , nearly screws up everything .
POS	but copycat tries to be a little bit more by immersing the audience into the lives of its main characters to give them more believability , this was rather unnecessary as the scenes seem to disrupt the mood of the entire film and also . . .
POS	and it apparently worked .
POS	while a bugs life isn't nearly as deep as it's predecessor , dreamwork's antz , it is just as funny .
NEG	unfortunately , when it comes time to have those people walk and talk , he hasn't the faintest notion of what to do .
POS	if this had been a typical hollywood film , it would have ended much differently .
POS	he is upset over the coverup surrounding the accident during the testing .
POS	patch adams' lack of purpose is its major shortcoming , and for the first ninety minutes out of two hours , there's little feeling of continuity or the passage of time .
POS	such high position could be explained with the fact that kaufman's film looks quite atypical for its time .
NEG	this film says something obscure about the relationship of sex and death , but imparts no insights .
POS	gibson plays tom mullen , a wealthy business tycoon whose past actions are coming back to haunt him as a deranged psychopath , played by gary sinise ( forrest gump ) , and his band of low-life thugs kidnap his only son for $2 million .
NEG	the ditzy marcie ( julie benz ) is game to go along , but the clique's final member , julie ( rebecca gayheart ) , has a guilty conscience .
NEG	it's full of stops and starts and usually , the punch line is ruined .
POS	peck's subject and lead actor elevate his film above its mediocre production .
POS	faced with the scorn of most of the police department , and under close scrutiny by the media , roman is forced to turn in his badge in one of those typical scenes in the captain's office .
POS	taking a few tips from the pulp fiction school of filmmaking , go is the new feature from the director of the cult hit swingers .
POS	the son and his wife take off on the search accompanied by a woman from the agency who located his parents .
POS	craven lets loose a burst of tongue-in-cheek creativity for the " movie within a movie " sequences .
POS	this funny ( and frightening ) slice of life is refreshingly simple .
NEG	director jan de bont should try watching the orignal movie and this one back-to-back and see if he realises where he went wrong .
NEG	the two are so different from each other , that a scene of how this odd friendship developed should have been mandatory .
NEG	bottom line : they should have called this one " yawn . "
POS	this is due largely to its director , david fincher .
NEG	even prequel " summer " lovers might balk at how little there is here beyond sporadically amusing absurdity and a few neat-o shots of blood flowing from toned teenage flesh .
NEG	after all , the game's premise is heavily influenced by the indiana jones trilogy and all the mummy movies , so there are cinematic elements imbedded in the concept .
NEG	there is nothing in the story that is not predictable .
NEG	plot : token director alan smithee steals the only copy of his film " trio " from the studio , after they complete the " final cut " without him .
NEG	sphere starts out a little like an amalgamation of contact and james cameron's the abyss , but , somewhere along the way , it collapses into the cellar with another recent science fiction effort , event horizon .
POS	chicken pies , of course .
NEG	ironically , this one could be considered the best for a bad reason : it best represents what quentin has done with this film .
POS	djimon hounsou and anthony hopkins turn in excellent performances .
POS	but , as a vetern , i can say quite honestly that creativity doesn't count for as much as it should .
POS	virtual reality is a wizard that transforms your hopes , dreams and fantasies to life .
POS	the good balances the bad .
NEG	it was fast-paced , funny , and well , funny .
POS	i was worried that this film would be too much like the matrix and existenz , and i wouldn't enjoy it , but there were enough twists and turns to keep me thinking and attentive to the film .
NEG	they have two kids together , greta simone and owen .
NEG	i rest my case . )
POS	i have no idea why they would word it that way , since that's not a special feature in the slightest .
POS	the most respectable among them is robert de niro , but his character , who happen to be most quiet and business-like member of criminal trio , gets overshadowed by two of his friends and colleagues .
POS	however , the actual investigation , although it is not the main focus of the film , lacks interest .
POS	this is best exemplified by the group of yugoslavians henderson , his producer and flynn have befriended .
NEG	almost every other scene includes a blaring rock song that leaves you wondering whether you are watching a movie or a music video .
NEG	8mm is far from an success , a 'snuffed' opportunity .
NEG	capsule : lesbianism examined in the same hushed and reverential tones reserved for a terminal illness .
NEG	the adults all have problems , of course , and , as one-dimensional characters , they are all fanatically obssessed with how their local high school football team performs .
NEG	at last , both his romantic magnetism and his comedic brilliance are mined for all their resources !
POS	perhaps the reason this aspect of the film was not more in-depth was that the makers were afraid it would gross out audiences , but i would personally take realism , even if it is graphic , any day over simply giving the explanation of the surgery the cold shoulder .
NEG	" you know the part in scary movies where somebody does something really stupid and everybody hates them for it ?
NEG	it'll keep you guessing alright but you won't remember the answers five minutes after the credits .
POS	with the help of jennifer , a girl in his biology class , he starts to play a nice game of nuclear war with wopr , war operation plan response ( a top-notch computer at the time , but now hardly faster than my own computer )
NEG	when anita finally gets her big break and perform onstage at the club , it should be a euphoric height , for her , the crowd , and the audience ; however , the moment doesn't get a chance to reach that level , for it is cut short by a moment of forced sentimentality , which also mars the film's conclusion ( one of the last-minute reshoots ) .
NEG	it's up to joel to make it fun though .
NEG	simply boring .
POS	as a result , shrek finds himself surrounded by legends like the three blind mice , pinocchio , the big bad wolf , the seven dwarfs , and the three bears , to name but a few .
POS	the screenwriter , andrew niccol , who bought us gattaca ( 1997 ) delivers an entertaining script , and manages to keep the plot in trim .
POS	it was coming time anyway .
POS	here he plays the antithesis of the character he played in _matewan_ : instead of organizing union rallies , he is the head of the coal-miners , who is constantly wringing his hands against the unions .
POS	some of the characters who start out looking stupid and useless prove to be neither as the film proceeds .
POS	2 ) mom and dad .
POS	written by mark rosenthal and lawrence konner
POS	this was the first major production for john irvin , and it shows why he earned the reputation of capable , yet second class director .
POS	" you're all pigs ! "
POS	he could go professional as either , but with one he could lose everything or win big , but with the other there's stability but not much risk involved .
POS	enter a working class smart-alecky new armored car driver named tom ( christian slater ) .
NEG	" lara croft : tomb raider , " the big screen variant of said video game , which features a pumped-up angelina jolie ( the oscar ? winner for " girl , interrupted " no less ) in the title role is , however , none of these things .
POS	in tim burton's `sleepy hollow' , there is a mysterious headless horseman who decapitates residents of the small town of the same name .
POS	out of all those , maybe one or two were amusing , the rest tiresome .
POS	maximus sees this as his chance to exact revenge on commodus .
POS	this movie doesn't have near the amount of originality or depth as pulp fiction but it is definitely one of the most entertaining movies i've seen this year ( yes , even better than halloween vi ) .
POS	like many other films about people of color , almost all the major players are white .
POS	however , the emperor is worried that his decadent weakling son commodus ( joaquin phoenix ) will prove a poor successor , so he wants to make maximus his heir as a transition toward rome becoming a republic again .
NEG	at the start , their parents die when they are still children , and they go to live with their two zany aunts ( stockard channing and dianne wiest ) .
POS	more than forty years ago , the " sword and sandals " genre of historical epic ruled the box office .
NEG	it _is_ his fault that he violates his own characters for the sake of shock value , and that he can't make his two halves into a whole .
NEG	comments : never talk to strangers , a colossal waste of time , moves slower than molasses in winter to arrive at a conclusion which should be obvious to the audience 20 minutes into the film .
NEG	through creative script writing , you can make a sequel out of just about any movie , but the final scene in this one doesn't just leave the door open , it opens into a hallway leading directly into a room where godzilla ii is waiting patiently .
POS	one of the greatest charms to the film is its sense of humor .
NEG	as dad declares all out war , gord secures a job in a cheese sandwich factory in far off la and sets off to make his dreams come true .
POS	bruce bickford's outlandish clay animation is that beyond belief with zooms , morphings , etc . and actually , it doesn't even look like clay , it looks like meat .
NEG	dubbed the " one-note wonder " for his minimalist music soundtracks , carpenter seems to have graduated from simplistic ( yet effective ) scoring by highlighting his action with loud , screeching guitar work .
POS	the family side of patrice's life is handled in several , perfunctory and brief interludes that show him talking to one of his children , embracing his wife or lamenting the death of his child .
POS	body function humor abounds , including a slapstick bit that has the adult male lead repeatedly falling in dog poop .
POS	it would have been a little more fun , i think , had craven used joe dante's approach from matinee and shown lengthy excerpts from his satirical production .
NEG	that's some ape . "
POS	most of alien 3 works when you take it in context of the story , but when you try to compare it to its predecessors , fincher's turn seems a bit gloomy and dark , though that's not always a bad thing .
POS	handing over the director's chair to recent box office gem james cameron , who had only made two films previous to this one ( pirahna ii , a surprisingly dull film , and terminator , making cameron a household name ) , the alien series got a face-lift of immense proportions .
NEG	step one in making your movie as easily forgotten as possible : cast ben affleck in the role of the world's most generic hero .
POS	the scene is a series of soft nuances and glances , layered upon light dialogue , and the result is one of the better love scenes in recent cinema -- meaningful and engrossing .
POS	the second act offers a plethora of clues for truman as to the truth of his existence .
POS	in fact , it seems to be something so important it is upsetting it has never been mentioned before .
NEG	movies like woo are seemingly released every three months or so , and not one of them has ever been a hit .
NEG	swordfish is loud , violent and amoral .
POS	this is post-wwii brooklyn noir , for lack of a better label , with a generous injection of rock 'n roll and an all-around confrontational attitude .
NEG	so , it does indeed have some plusses . . .
POS	a sequence involving one character's death is filled with all the edgy disjointment that the film needs .
NEG	copyright ( c ) 1997 tim jandt " >
NEG	then the film does exactly what it promised , a painful as that is .
NEG	then , ditch the campiness and , for the love of pete , lose the " event " mentality and make a movie instead of a spectacle next time .
NEG	in the end , we see neil patrick " doogie howser " harris burst onto the scene in what could accurately be described as a nazi ss trenchcoat , hat , and gloves .
POS	slapstick reigns , and although the film is subtitled , there was no doubt that a universal language was being conveyed .
POS	deal with it . )
POS	how does one do a comedy focused on the mob ?
NEG	it isn't fun , it isn't exciting , and the only challenge is seeing how long you can stay in your seat ( i suffered through to the bitter , bitter end ; the wife opted for barnes & noble at the 45-minute mark ) .
NEG	the laughs ?
NEG	wincott makes his villain , korda , as mean as could be , the classic type of villain who would push an old lady down a flight of stairs just for kicks , like richard widmark in " kiss of death . "
NEG	rated r .
NEG	review : " evolution " certainly has the ingredients for a decent comedy .
POS	and that's the true joy of this film , entering the vaguely nightmarish world in which existenz takes place .
NEG	the four young teenagers who are the potential sacrificial lambs for this movie are helen and barry and julie and ray - two couples and dear friends to one another .
POS	of course in these situations , quantity is more important than quality and profit is more important than the artistical values .
POS	( oh come on , any idiot knows how to handle that problem ! )
NEG	funny !
NEG	he is a free agent who seems to have really good instincts about how to stay alive the world of a professional killer .
POS	it does so entertainingly , and so heart-wrenchingly .
NEG	the characters are one-dimensional and uninteresting .
POS	now i'm not sure if this was the fault of the actor or the script , but the film suffered because of it .
NEG	there are just too many things going on that prove distracting , whether it's the sketchy romanctic angle involving liev schreiber as an earnest former prizefighter , or williams' incongrous presence , or a sweet but utterly irrelevant little girl .
NEG	well , it's actually pretty simple .
POS	their lawyer roger baldwin ( matthew mcconaughey ) views the case as a simple one of property rights and a chance to make his share of legal fees .
NEG	it doesn't take a genius to foresee that her husband isn't going to be around much longer .
POS	sigourney weaver is back as ripley and provides another excellent performance of this character .
POS	" the adventures of felix " has a number of things going for it as we follow felix on his journey of discovery .
POS	his father ( abu warda ) is a rabbi at the yeshiva .
POS	all the prisoners are men who have not seen a woman in many years .
POS	but watching some of these other action films is sort of like experiencing a sugar rush ; after the initial excitement , there's not much left .
NEG	it doesnt take long from the films beginning for jack moores charm to work on a pretty chinese lady , and in no time they are in bed together in a hotel room  drunk and cheerful .
NEG	she was just confused as to whose message she was carrying .
POS	mira nair previously directed salaam bombay and mississippi masala .
POS	all of this is not to be taken seriously , of course .
NEG	well , any hope a viewer may have had , perhaps because he is a fan of novelist dean koontz or actor mark hamill , will be dashed by the time he's seen the trailers tagged on before the beginning of watchers reborn .
POS	it's full of terrible acting , pointless violence , and plot holes yet it remains a cult classic nearly fifteen years after its release .
NEG	that's how it works in movies like these .
NEG	( and yes , there are the obligatory cracks from the cops about how at least he died happy .
NEG	t ? a leoni ( bad boys , tv's " the naked truth " ) is the best of the film , and she is given the meatiest role .
POS	the humor especially works well in this case , for the story is so preposterous that the laughs help to keep things from taking things too seriously .
POS	i never saw this movie in theaters , but i wish i could have .
NEG	she works by day , but reads sir thomas more by firelight at night .
POS	in this film a major threat is from a spinosaurus , not as common or as popularly known as a tyrannosaurus , but larger and presumably more nasty .
POS	and then it makes things just a tad bit farscial , just to make sure you're paying attention , which you are because what transpires is just so goddam interesting that if you were to ever feel bored , then you're of your attention span needs a bit of a tuning-up .
POS	this role doesn't offer him the complexities of his parts in " l .
NEG	richard pryor , redd foxx , michael lerner , and della reese face the impossible task of carving out credible characters from a script riddled with stereotypes .
POS	star trek : insurrection is no exception .
POS	on the other hand , if you found that sequence to be pretty funny , you have the sense of humour that curdled is aimed at .
POS	marshall is also troubled by a turbulent marriage to carly ( lange ) who is topless on the base's beach in full view of the entire personnel .
NEG	there are no " couch " scenes ( like my best friend noticed ) .
NEG	the basic idea of the film is solid .
NEG	the film industry is like any other .
NEG	we see boy go whore-chasing , saying he wants to find girl and kill her .
POS	a bit hard to swallow ?
NEG	it seems that audiences' tastes have been whittled down to such a degree that any movie even claiming to be scary is given the benefit of the doubt .
POS	lambeau treats will like a son .
NEG	when adams enters the sphere , the weirdness unfolds .
POS	he has a natural screen presence , and an ingratiating personality .
POS	with a john milius script !
POS	it broadens its horizons , and when it really moves from the ant colony , it really shows us a whole new world we've never seen before , and it's take on the evolution of bugs is a lot better than the one in " antz . "
POS	she takes a nap while he goes for a swim .
POS	none of the other films i have seen this year ( though they were good ) have been so low-key and touching .
POS	the previews give away the following revelations , so if you haven't seen any of the movie's spots on the television or in the theater , you might want to skip to the next paragraph .
NEG	if it's one thing that could possibly be the saving grace , it's the performances , and even they are mostly off-kilter and poorly delivered .
POS	we are young-david walking up to the stage for our first public show .
NEG	to boot , new york's first serial killer was on the loose : calling himself the son of sam , david berkowitz killed 9 people in the new york area and frightened the whole city population .
NEG	only for die-hard creature feature fans , this might be fun if you could check your brain at the door .
NEG	kennesaw is bitter about his marriage to a socialite ( rosanna arquette ) , believing his wife to be unfaithful .
POS	veteran actors such as jeffrey jones and michael gough ( who played the butler alfred in all four recent batman flicks ) are terrific as the aging townsfolk involved in the conspiracy which depp uncovers .
NEG	easily the best batman yet , clooney's expressive eyes and weary smile gives the character a sense of depth that the script doesn't even hint at .
NEG	he figures that by giving the journalists juicy hints of a possible reconciliation between the film's once-married-but-now-estranged stars , gwen and eddie ( catherine zeta-jones , john cusack ) , they'll be so distracted that they won't remember they didn't see the movie or it wasn't what they expected .
NEG	a film which was based on a 'long-lost' script by ed wood , i have only one question : no dialogue , only music and movement where exactly is the point ?
POS	it includes the film in its original theatrical aspect ratio of 1 . 85 : 1 ( and is enhanced for 16x9 televisions ) and features the original theatrical trailer .
POS	when i first saw that the disc featured an isolated score track , i actually laughed .
NEG	difficult to say if it was her lines that were really bad , or if she just delivered them poorly .
POS	we saw titanic in dolby digital surround , and by far , it is the best sounding movie i have ever seen .
NEG	you guessed it . . .
POS	but thanks to poor editing , its had to believe neal could have murdered the killer anyway .
POS	walsh , as the possibly evil truck driver , is terrific ; he is one of the best of the fine batch of character actors hollywood doesn't seem to know what to do with , but director jonathan mostow is on the right track here .
POS	director douglas keeve ( who was mizrahi's lover at the time ) freely admits that he " couldn't care less about the truth " but was more interested in capturing " the spirit and love in isaac and in fashion . "
POS	the film incidentally provides surprisingly little backstory , although i suppose a good case can be made that it really isn't necessary -- not because so many people have seen the first installment , but because this is , after all , a sequel to a slasher film : what do you * think * happened to these characters in the prior movie ?
POS	colonel fitts ( chris cooper ) is an angry and frightened man .
POS	unfortunately , this is hollywood , so we will never know .
NEG	quinn escapes and tries to make it back home to his pregnant wife ( natacha lindinger ) , but stavros is out for revenge and kidnaps her .
POS	fans of the show will know what to expect , and i seriously doubt any of them being disappointed with the film .
NEG	there's a few well-staged chase scenes through the forest where the camera whirls , dives and jumps , and the effect is startling .
NEG	basically , a massachusetts fishing crew goes out to sea on a small boat , called the andrea gail , and gets stuck in the middle of " the storm of the century . "
NEG	then when everyone wants to meet him , she tells some poor schmoe she met at a wedding that she will pay him $1000 to pretend to be in love with her for a company dinner , and pick a fight with her at the end , thus breaking the engagement but still being able to keep her job , since the guy ends up looking like a jerk and she is the poor , defenceless female .
NEG	it seems to move from dark to light with the cuts from scene to scene and even angle to angle .
POS	it perhaps may be the most powerful image i have seen in a film .
POS	it would have probably been easy to have written vivian as merely a flake , but screenwriter j . f . lawton clearly cared too much about his central characters to do such a thing .
NEG	the old guy , however , miraculously survives his first death and appears later to be killed again by the killer in a scene so ludicrous it's worthy of a chuckle or two .
NEG	l . i . e . would have worked best as a half-hour short film about howie's ill-advised foray into big john's haven .
POS	preparing food for her family is a joy and a comfort to her , and for a brief moment , she too enjoys the normalcy .
NEG	by the fifth or sixth time , it's worn out its welcome .
POS	for fans of both genres , however , realism is key .
NEG	the worst thing about it is that it didn't have to be bad .
NEG	the main problem with martin lawrence's pet project , a thin line between love and hate , like any fatal attraction variation where the protagonist is a man , is that his character is an irresponsible jerk , and if that is the case , it doesn't seem to do anything except justify the woman's actions .
POS	oddly enough , desmond ballentine ( who plays the character deportee ) is well known as a pioneer in the realm of `gangsta' reggae as the performer ninjaman , and he doesn't contribute a single song to the film ( that i could see ) , which is virtually unheard of here in the us .
NEG	you understand , right ?
POS	i would , however , like to suggest that it's they who are in the closet on this one .
POS	also , the hieroglyphics in the well of souls include engravings of r2-d2 and c-3po .
POS	visnjic's dark , brooding turn has an interior shading to it that makes us believe he's a victim of circumstance and environment .
NEG	at least the film wasn't painting women to be cold hearted gold diggers .
NEG	what is poitier doing here ?
POS	burton's update on washington irving's classic tale of `the legend of sleepy hollow' offers us the mystery of the horseman , when the screenplay should have merely settled on the aspect of the horror .
POS	howard is chad's boss , but he is weaker of will , the clumsy practitioner of office politics who has achieved his position through dogged persistence rather than raw talent .
POS	we've seen a lot of the tinted look lately , particularly in " payback " and " the matrix . "
NEG	it's frightening that a film so poorly written , directed , and acted might be considered mainstream entertainment .
POS	maximum risk has its share of car chases and explosions , but they don't overwhelm the movie or detract our attention from the narrative ( not too much , anyway ) .
POS	although there is a narrated set-up that adds some extra resonance to the proceedings ( about the view the japanese culture has about ballroom dancing ) , the movie is so rich in character and appeal that this added layer isn't at all necessary to understand or enjoy the film .
POS	be forewarned .
POS	we follow her at every turn because she is so mesmerizing , both as a character and an actress .
POS	the biggest irony of the fifth element is that the one thing that has been kept under such tight wraps--the actual storyline--is the most conventional , dismayingly so , element ( pun intended ) of the film .
POS	their stories are intercut chronologically , starting from normal life in pre-war hungary .
NEG	his role is also vastly underwritten .
POS	mitchum is a loser ; and , that he lived so long , is a tribute to his skills as a survivor .
NEG	looking past the appalling sight of overdone violence , we are left with a movie with a thin plot at best , no strong lead characters , a blatant disregard for physics , and a very obvious naziesque theme .
NEG	their history together is an intriguing plot device but is barely exploited .
NEG	i place the blame , in part , on the recent hollywood trend , fueled by public demand apparently , for special effects blow-out movies utilizing the latest computer technology .
NEG	imagine his surprise when his fianc ? e , julia russell ( jolie ) , turns out to be infinitely more attractive than the woman in the photo .
POS	he proceeds to turn the ogre's yard into an ellis island for storybook characters when he banishes the fanciful beings from his castle .
POS	guilty .
POS	another commonplace image , to be sure , but it must have been breathtaking forty years ago .
POS	some say it's a bit too light , and more of a long episode than a film .
NEG	a word of advice to mr . dupr ? : no , these things aren't funny all by themselves .
POS	jeffrey byron ( jonny lee miller ) is a cold , seemingly-heartless businessman who is sexually indifferent to his young wife , marianne ( lara flynn boyle ) .
POS	penn coaxes good supporting performances from much of the rest of his cast , too .
POS	as for carrey - well , truman burbank is the kind of role that jimmy stewart was born to play .
NEG	since then , she has sought a new mate - someone she can boss around and mold into her own vision .
POS	most of today's mainstream drama , however , creates an overabundance of emoting that can turn off members of the audience .
POS	it's also vastly more convincing with its argument .
NEG	i thought : liam neeson , cathrine zeta jones and jan de bont .
NEG	alicia witt shows none of the acerbity or wit she displayed on cybill , rebecca gayheart actually looks unattractive ( not to mention as dumb as a post through 3/4 of the film ) and robert englund just cruises on auto pilot .
NEG	predictable ending .
POS	throughout the entire movie , no explanation is given as to why this is happening .
NEG	angus demonstrates more genuine emotions and a wider acting range than any of the humans in the picture .
NEG	as he puts his hand in , the same action is shown from an overhead camera angle in a rectangle at the corner of the screen .
POS	in every respect , the re-release of the little mermaid appears to be a success -- the film's 1997 grosses have pushed its cumulative domestic gross over the magic $100 million mark ; the little mermaid proved to have remarkably strong drawing power for a film initially released only eight years ago and in many homes on video , pulling in close to $10 million in its opening weekend ; and although nobody could possibly expect the little mermaid to possibly defeat the aggressively-marketed anastasia in head-to-head competition , it siphoned enough from the fox film's opening weekend totals to keep anastasia from the coveted weekend leader spot , allowing for disney's odious flubber to sweep in on the subsequent week and wrestle the family demographic market share away .
POS	the three hour running is perfect for plot development and by the end of the film , a great amount of love or hate is attached to each character .
POS	one thing that i would definitely recommend is , as jet li pointed out himself on his website , that you leave the kids at home for this one .
NEG	two teams , one sent to catch and move some dinosaurs to the mainland and the other , trying to document them , being forced to work together , fighting for survival against the dinosaurs' firm intentions on eating them .
POS	he has a great deal of energy in several scenes , especially one scene where he's taking photographs of a picture , and a later scene where he's getting a freaky tatoo .
NEG	why are the characters such idiots ?
POS	also , the costumes are great .
POS	between the two childbearings , coincidence , irony , and a hefty dollop of sex form the key elements of this thoroughly entertaining film .
NEG	the first sign of trouble comes with the painfully insipid dialogue .
NEG	she was voted off in week 11 of the 13-week program , " survivor . "
POS	there's a good deal of sex in the movie , but it's handled in a way that's unsettlingly frank -- a frankness that spills over into the rest of the movie .
POS	the talented supporting cast certainly adds to one's enjoyment of this film .
NEG	sometimes even the most respectable person of comedic distinction , like garofalo , will sell out with a weak script .
POS	he is left to father seven children at his south carolina estate along with black servants ( not slaves ! ) .
NEG	gary sinise has played this role frequently , and here , as in snake eyes , he does the snarling bad guy thing with such over the top vitriol ( the guy must be so incredibly bored of stomping through the same paces that going out of control is the only thing that keeps him interested any more ) , that it becomes more of an annoyance ( oh there he goes again ? ? ? ) than a threat .
NEG	but his paradise is about to be shattered by a one-two-punch .
POS	it stars tobey maguire and reese witherspoon as two nineties teenagers who , through quite a bit of luck , find themselves zapped into a fifties sitcom named " pleasantville . "
POS	based on the last few films the genre has produced ( including but not exclusive to the likes of i know what you did last summer , disturbing behavior and the disappointing halloween : h20 ) , i was positive that i was in store for another mildly entertaining but silly and ultimately boring rehash of the scream phenomena .
POS	i've seen it said that this is the film fight club should have been , but david fincher's film was trying to define a generation .
POS	i can't convey to you how funny this is , but what makes it great film making is that it has a point -- scenes like this are frequent , and they provide solid characterization of zero .
NEG	no , it definitely is not .
POS	a film like aliens comes along only once in a while , and when it does , audiences are usually unprepared for it .
NEG	for better or worse , the appearance of basic instinct in the movie marketplace gave the greenlight to a whole slew of overheated , oversexed , underwritten thrillers .
NEG	even goodman and halperin's ill-conceived affair when she was his student is just mentioned in passing .
NEG	we are essentially told in the first reel where the film is going to go and what it is going to do .
NEG	his performance is at least part of what makes his character seem so incapable of being a shrink .
NEG	wasn't the whole point of the road trip to show that these two are friends who could never hurt each other ?
NEG	almost .
POS	a few hours later large amount of ash start to fall .
NEG	by the time the film launches into its final act , we're numb from its pedestrian pace .
POS	and yet , for all the targets that are hit , the film maintains its sweet tone .
POS	what a relief it is to be able to review an all-ages film on its artistic merits and not its ethics .
POS	mary+s sunniness carries the film here--it compliments the below-belt gags that come at you .
POS	i must admit that i was a little disappointed by barry levinson's political satire " wag the dog , " but in retrospect , this has less to do with the film itself than with false expectations i had going into it .
POS	in a nutshell , that's it .
POS	bowels , bowels , and more bowels are explored by dr . john harvey kellogg ( a buck-toothed and bespectacled anthony hopkins ) , who , in the early 1900's , advocated abstinence , vegetarianism , and frequent defecation .
NEG	awful decision there joel .
POS	some of the songs used in the background also provide authentic atmosphere of the historical period .
POS	nowhere town , a 26min short film that he shot , co-directed and co-produced recently scooped up the grand jury prize at the charleston international film festival for best student production .
NEG	the boss had all ready threatened him ; falcone simply takes the opportunity to issue more threats by ordering his goons to take off some of jack's toes by the gravesite .
POS	the first half of the movie is a gorillas in the mist-esque hatred of poachers woman-of-the-wild motif .
NEG	we also get the idea that he might have been unhappy the whole time . . . but
POS	thrown together , it becomes clear that both women share a fierce competitive nature .
NEG	there is never a question as to the outcome .
POS	the direction by curtis hanson is more akin to a european film with its leisurely pace and situations that grow from the characters , rather than generic mapped out story points .
NEG	instead . . .
POS	loveable ?
POS	perhaps now , sagan can be said to be with his dragons of eden .
NEG	dierdre is very tight-lipped about what is in the case .
NEG	hush is one such example .
NEG	but it's the humans .
POS	every single person refused .
POS	the animation is so perfect that you can virtually see every single ant on the ball .
NEG	funny !
POS	a young man , ma wing jing and his brother enter the fabled city and become laborers at the pier .
NEG	kingsley makes don a compact package of fury and nastiness .
NEG	there are many good , respectable performances , from fishburne and neill most noticably .
NEG	in the film , the opening scene becomes an unintentional pandora's box .
NEG	after talking with rittenhouse , and unsatisfied with the information she gets , she decides to use the internet for help .
POS	she wants him to leave , and he doesn't want to go , what with a local , rich widow as a prospective victim .
POS	each of the five tells his or her story .
POS	accustomed to delivering catchphrases rather than dialogue , willis is stiff and awkward as malcolm , his most challenging role to date .
POS	a car salesman hires a couple of hoods to kidnap his wife so that he can collect the ransom from her father .
NEG	therefore , it's with some surprise that as a big fan of the above mentioned movies i was so disappointed with pocahontas .
POS	it's good , but it isn't anything that made pulp fiction such a revolutionary effort in the first place .
NEG	then you've seen " supernova . "
POS	>from every alien film comes several memorable moments which seem to stick with you forever .
NEG	my giant could have been a straightforward and funny family film .
POS	roger murtaugh ( danny glover ) ?
NEG	spawn's translation of the comic book suffers the most at the storyline level .
NEG	shouldn't our butt-kicking heroine also encompass the sophistication of , say , james bond with the wit of indiana jones ?
NEG	connor tries his best to convince mccabe to go along with the surgery ; he's at first reluctant , but reconsiders after he realizes he can plan his escape at the hospital .
NEG	his pecs , however , are impressive , and director carl schenkel makes sure that he is given every opportunity to show them off .
POS	using this premise , writer/director andrew niccol creates some genuine suspense and thrills .
NEG	and it leaves itself open to a sequel , which probably won't ever be made .
POS	the kids do not understand this , and they pay a homeless man to buy their tickets .
POS	it's a fair bet that the whole family will have smiles on their collective faces after seeing " toy story 2 . " it's the rare sequel that manages to expand on , and live up to , the original .
POS	i was distracted by the fact that two of the main evil characters - strange looking aliens who looked like gila monsters - had mouths that barely moved , making them look more like muppets than actual characters .
POS	he does not push any barriers , but instead adopts a conservative style of filmmaking which enhances the film's charm .
POS	throughout the film , though , i noticed a much more subtle approach than the other two films .
POS	for those who haven't kept up with all the `star wars' paraphernalia over the years , there is still a way to know these details simply by recognizing an actor ( or his voice at least ) .
NEG	could it be that the script was crappy because it took four people to write it ?
POS	one night , a brash american rooster flies in over the fence , calling himself rocky ( mel gibson ) , famous flying rooster and circus performer .
POS	well , there we go ! "
NEG	the movie was directed by harold becker , who has made some good suspense films including " sea of love " ( 1989 ) and " malice " ( 1993 ) , but his talent is nowhere to be found in this latest excursion .
NEG	various films seen at the seattle film festival :
POS	rounding out the cast is natascha mcelhone ( mrs .
NEG	not recommended for kids , teens , or anyone else .
NEG	when the plot finally gets underway , there's no less than three people ( or groups ) that want him , dead or alive .
NEG	paul sorvino is unconvincing and terribly overwrought as schneider's cia superior ; and lela rochon , playing an investigator for the jeans company , spends the entire movie in perpetual snarl mode .
NEG	kathryn merteuil is simply a hateful witch , a girl so loathsome that i would probably enjoy pouring hot lead on her .
NEG	( by the way , speaking of british tv , " red dwarf " fans should look for chris " rimmer " barrie in his first major film role ) .
POS	it's bound to be the funniest movie of the year .
NEG	1999 may have signified the death of the traditional act one - act two - act three storyline , but obviously some movies have not yet transcended it .
POS	satire has always been one of the few ways of changing certain people's minds , and that's what " jude " is .
POS	enough of his trademark style remains , however , to reassure his supporters .
POS	probably because it stars corey haim , or maybe because it's about a little geek who collects insects , or maybe because it doesn't feature slick one-liners or the chart topping soundtrack albums that were almost a requirement for teen films in the 80's .
NEG	he threatens to burn the film reel if they do not allow him to keep his vision .
NEG	francis is in almost every scene , but we learn very little about him , as if the film was distancing itself away from him when , i suspect , we were actually supposed to sympathize with him .
NEG	if the dialogue was intelligent , then it would be all right , but it's sadly babbling nonsense .
POS	they hope , no doubt , to get a look at the island's dinosaurs from a safe height .
POS	max fischer is from a single parent home , which has contributed to his drive .
POS	it has a crocodile's head and the body that looks like a dimetrodon walking upright .
POS	however , with the aid of her manager , she has progressed to being almost one of the world's finest , successfully submerging herself to her playing .
NEG	raines old mentor ( duvall ) has long since left the life of crime .
NEG	of all the non-criminal possibilities brought about by rendering oneself invisible , in " hollow man " kevin bacon's character opts to commit sex crimes .
NEG	skip a stone across water and you approximate the depth of this attempt at an ensemble comedy .
POS	to me , the first and foremost job of a filmmaker is to create characters ( be they imagined or historical as the case may be ) that the audience gives a hoot about .
POS	after gaining fame playing larger than life characters , rush flips everything around for this role , using his energy to depict the quiet desperation of a man slowly realizing that the solution to his troubles may be worse than the original problems .
NEG	the only thing saving it from a 0/10 rating is that being able to rent a movie like this is slightly less embarassing than renting a porno .
NEG	( and crystal thought of this long before a sony exec concocted the phony critic/david manning quote scandal ! )
NEG	the stars i'm referring to are the computer generated ones that make up the movie's " outer space " ; the stars that the less impressive actors hurtle thru as they try to find their way home .
POS	hesitating the littles know what's best for stuart and so does snowball the pet cat , he and his friends try to get stuart but in the end we find out the truth about stuart's past ending up to a sentimental and very heart-warming ending .
POS	anyway , " footloose " is a charming little surprise .
POS	you look at these men on screen and you can tell without them saying a word that there is something going on in their minds , that the characters they play are real human beings .
NEG	they try to invest every line and gesture with meaning , and they create a convincing sense of the relationships between the main characters .
NEG	as it is , though , he plays the character completely serious at some moments , and for laughs at others .
POS	elizabeth mitchell gets stuck with two thankless roles , playing julia the doting wife * and * mother , but still performs admirably .
NEG	but this does not save a misguided script .
POS	rockwell , an independent film veteran , plays his role as wild bill wharton to perfection .
NEG	the movie also has bad dialogue .
POS	it is not told in a heroic fashion sense either , as people are portrayed as panicking , pushing others aside to get on the limited lifeboats , and drowning and dying horrible deaths .
POS	when one of them asks where he stands on government regulation of movie and tv ratings , bulworth drifts to the topic of the quality of filmed entertainment .
NEG	shaved-headed children with cancer , an elderly woman whom patch makes laugh , a beautiful woman who can't love because of her abusive history .
NEG	it is both absurd and assured .
NEG	for your amusement , i will explain the plot .
NEG	she's given her dorm assignment , and who happens to be her roommate ?
NEG	unfortunately , the two never mix well into a cohesive story , and what we get are two underdeveloped stories that rely too much on one shaky revelation to tie them together and an impressive production piece to give it an underlying atmosphere .
POS	brean , along with his assistant ( anne heche ) , decide to contact hollywood producer stanley motss ( dustin hoffman ) to enlist his help in concocting enough propaganda and special-effects trickery to make it appear that the u . s . is going to war with albanian terrorists and thus propel the president to victory on a wave of patriotic fervor .
NEG	the soldiers and their commanders are consistently idiotic .
NEG	they are skeptical about here claims until another girl , suzie toller ( neve campbell ) , comes forward with a similar tale .
POS	the video has been out for fifteen years now ( good lord , has it been that long ? ) and it's played on television with all three endings all the time .
POS	as such it should suffice to say that it is a product of exceptional quality .
POS	writer/director m . night shyamalan has a light , poetic touch that goes to the heart of the viewer without seeming sappy or trite .
NEG	and maybe that is the movie's underlying flaw : there is no real hero to speak of , only those doing their upmost to survive .
POS	it's a * highly * enjoyable two and a half hours .
NEG	poor , poor elle .
POS	one day , a crew of the cops - lead by gary oldman in an over-the-top performance - kills her entire family while mathilda is out buying groceries .
NEG	he's too much of a joker .
NEG	also included are brief bios on orson welles and hal lindsey , as well as a trailer for another recent vci home video release , chariots of the gods .
POS	bulworth's candor wins him three volunteers from the church , one of whom , nikki ( halle barry ) , he gets a crush on .
NEG	not just one or two . . . thousands of them .
NEG	lost world . . . . . . etc ,
POS	the humor is sharp and witty , with something to amuse both kids and adults .
NEG	there's an air of manufacturing among the whole sorry affair , and many clich ? s are catered for throughout the film .
NEG	of course you know that stahl triumphed because he lived to talk about his problems .
NEG	you're better off leaving this guy alone .
POS	let's hope herlihy and sandler stick together for a few more projects because this movie really won me over .
POS	now joe has to get out of the business .
NEG	after undergoing intense training under an expert swordsman , he goes looking for his enemy .
NEG	the film is one big battle of wills between mother and daughter over their dreams .
POS	you honestly don't need a high-iq ( or any iq , for that matter ) to guess how the film will end , and the story is as old as my great great grandma bertha .
NEG	i'd like to actually watch a film in focus , but again , they failed to deliver that as well .
POS	it is simply amazing how " the green mile " developed in its three hour running time .
NEG	and that it was directed by the same man who brought us the remake of diabolique .
NEG	akiva goldsmith's screenplay avoids some stuff that happens in a normal batman film .
NEG	so it was understandable that when nyc was hit with a citywide blackout , people went berserk , causing billions of dollars in damage to the city .
POS	while an attack on the ship that princess leia , played by carrie fisher , is aboard , she inserts a message to r2-d2 , who is also on the ship .
NEG	so , you actors just say what ever comes to the top of your head , all right ?
NEG	how do they know where superman went ?
NEG	duvall trots out his ornery , but sweet old codger outfit .
POS	more importantly , this film portrays characters willing to go to disturbing lengths for media attention as well as characters whose perceptions have clearly been warped by what they have seen on tv and film .
POS	the element seriously undermines the mystical aspect of the force and transforms it into something more physical and scientific which is completely unnecessary .
POS	many people who read the synopsis of this film would find it a tad too ridiculous , but by actually immersing yourself in it , gives you an entirely different perspective ; one which is free from bias and pre-conceptions .
POS	that role was written specifically for jones based upon her similar character in the aforementioned short film , curdled jr .
POS	while we see several extremely taboo scenes of weirdo sex , we also have a skimpy little plot going on ( mostly towards the beginning ) , and maybe just a hair of characterization .
POS	but with a running time of 2 hours and 20 minutes , this movie is at least 40 minutes too long .
NEG	actress julie delpy is far too good for this movie .
POS	during the celebration , mitch discovers what appears to be a treasure map in curly's ( the cattle drive leader in the original played by jack palance ) old hat .
NEG	one of the funniest lines in the movie flies by : when asked to comment on the clitoris ( don't ask ) , jay responds : " the female clitoris ? "
POS	i could go on , but i'll finish on this note : `a christmas story' is a standout among holiday movies , because it captures so much in a meager 90 minutes .
POS	kermit ponders the idea of becoming a big movie star , where he could " make millions of people happy " .
POS	against him are the rebels , who are mainly mutants .
POS	scream was written in 1995 during the infamous bob dole rampage against hollywood , and mr . williamson's rejection of this tirade clearly influenced the writing in both that film and this sequel .
POS	okay , that one was pretty pathetic . )
NEG	the musical score by pieter bourke , lisa gerrard , and graeme revell is one of the worst in recent memory .
POS	this is when leder starts to show her true stuff .
POS	neither are capable of functioning without the other and once separated , disaster is inevitable .
POS	he is a natural , and never once grating .
NEG	it may not be clear to the viewer why i am so negative on this film for most of the running time .
NEG	when i think of the screenwriters behind this film , i picture a room full of monkeys .
POS	george washington carver high school is having student elections .
POS	and more along the way , the audience ( and alice ) learn more and more about jerry's life .
NEG	but director joel schumacher , the completely wrong guy for the job , puts style over content , and while the direction and look are good , it's just not very disturbing .
NEG	boy ( antionio banderas ) places personal ad sometime around 1900 , searching for a wife .
POS	billy crystal is surprisingly good as the gravedigger who unearths the skull of yorick , whom hamlet knew quite well .
POS	i am envious that nolan has concocted such a brilliant , involved , original movie as this .
NEG	famke janssen , who will forever be known as xenia onatopp from goldeneye , is the perfect bland match for williams .
NEG	really , this is a harmless little movie ; it's far from an abomination and it's not torturous to sit through .
NEG	what's that ?
POS	the flying inkpot rating system : * wait for the tv2 broadcast .
NEG	morgan freeman , again , is utterly wasted with a ridiculously underwritten role .
NEG	have you seen " alien ? "
NEG	still , an hour into it , you will become antsy , wondering how long they can drag it out .
NEG	but the ending was stupid and funny at the same time .
POS	the late oliver reed gave us the best work of his career in his last role .
POS	and i have to say , after a shaky beginning , she does not disappoint .
POS	naturally , the true star here is sandler .
NEG	for a while , the movie looks like it might play itself for laughs , but it ends up taking itself so seriously that there's no way we can join it .
POS	how cute .
POS	( a scene where he tries to display his anger over the phone and fails miserably is hilarious . )
NEG	mr . lazard gives his character an appropriately shifty-eyed look , while returning vixen ms . henstridge is actually given the opportunity to act in one scene ( and acquits herself nicely ) , but is mostly relegated to reprising her familiar role of parading about in skimpy clothing ( or none at all ) .
NEG	last but not least , why is he still making kissing faces when he knows he's not kissing a woman as he's looking through a peephole at the enemy ? !
POS	only hobbes and a pretty , female theology teacher ( embeth davidtz ) have an inkling of what they're up against .
NEG	he must defend a real estate tycoon who has been charged with a triple homicide .
POS	hi-larious !
NEG	the rhythm is monotonous .
POS	when you go to the movies as much as i do , you unfortunately end up seeing certain movie trailers one too many times .
POS	you will never feel as if you just walked in on the third act of some great opera .
POS	the much-discussed tension between science and religion in this movie is not particularly insightful to those who have already gone through this course though it is helpful to those in the audience who have not .
NEG	that it is disappointing is not .
POS	full of wonderful swipes at the fifteen minutes of fame mentality that feeds so much of modern american pop culture .
NEG	partly flight of fancy , partly commentary on the exploitation of atomic power and weaponry , gojira emerged from the ocean to terrorize tokyo .
NEG	was okay .
POS	standing upon a bridge above stormy waters , he looks down , contemplating suicide .
NEG	the film loses a star for casting brilliance coupled with scripting ( or editing ) stupidity .
NEG	capsule : the much anticipated re-adaptation of the pierre boulle novel comes to the screen as a dark and a little dreary film with lots of chases and fighting , but very little intelligence .
NEG	the bard's work is apparently beyond criticism .
NEG	i suppose they are .
POS	the abbe lusts for madeleine , but it is the wizened marquis who is able to have her .
POS	luckily , these are elements that i would prefer in a comedy , since it clearly shows the filmmakers were set on making a no-holds-barred , politically incorrect comedy .
NEG	worst of all is the final courtroom bit .
POS	together with director curtis hanson ( the hand that rocks the cradle , the river wild ) whom ellroy corroborated closely throughout the shooting of the film , resulted in a movie with a plot and and script so tight , an atom would have to squeeze itself through .
POS	detective monahan ( hunter ) and getz ( mulroney ) , baffled by the unorthodox methods of killing used by the killer , seeks the professional help of helen , who , as expected was reluctant at first .
NEG	smith and kline were static at best , the plot full of holes , and the score insignificant and derivative of a dozen others .
NEG	`10 things i hate about you' actually featured characters who were more than walking flashcards , and the result was refreshing .
NEG	bruckheimer has a real talent for loading his movies with an obscene amount of talent given the task at hand .
POS	this creates some strange effects .
NEG	sadly , he forget to bring a good story and believable characters .
POS	you know they would .
NEG	" come on , silent bob !
NEG	- combining of images usually pretty bad .
NEG	stiles' best friend ( rosario dawson ) is a pot head , prinze's roommate ( shawn hatosy ) is a girl crazy fool who can't meet women , and then there are the porn stars ( zak orth and selma blair ) .
NEG	watch the movie and " sorta " find out . . .
POS	co-director nick park and his studio , aardman animation , produced three oscar-winning short films : " creature comforts , " " the wrong trousers , " and " a close shave . "
POS	when finn becomes a young man , an anonymous benefactor sets finn up in new york with the connections and publicity to be groomed into a famous artist .
POS	this movie is so incredible because it's able to take elements like these and make them wholly original and believable .
NEG	remember her ?
POS	on the one hand , the film manages to recreate key moments from the novel , evoking morrison's pragmatic narrative style without using her authorial voice .
NEG	fine , that's a lovely premise , i suppose .
POS	now the people who did it are after him .
NEG	when they finally get to see their hero , wcw world champion jimmy king ( played by oliver platt .
POS	i have a tough time believing that the police wouldn't get involved at that point .
NEG	this time , d'artagnan is played by calvin klein model justin chambers , who can't even pronounce his character's name .
NEG	can't you hear your heart beating ! ?
POS	you don't have to be an ape to realize the truth in that statement .
NEG	it's too loud .
POS	robert downey jr . as grady's agent livens up his scenes .
POS	on the basis of the overall story , " at first sight " is indeed a film that has been done many times before , and owes a great deal to its predecessor , " awakenings . "
NEG	hey , i never said she wasn't a hot number . . .
POS	also included on the disc is a photo gallery ( which includes pictures from the film's " gala " premiere ) and about twenty minutes of raw footage from the film .
NEG	we get the town from bad day at black rock , minus the train , plus busty women who can speak .
NEG	the supporting cast are all sterotypes , with characters such as a big black security guard with a foul mouth , a geeky scientist with spectacles , and what could be the most stereotypical mexican 'old timer' ever .
POS	but this isn't as easy as it seems , because the vampires in blade's world are more sophisticated than the ones that you find in most films .
POS	if you didn't think this was harsh enough , wait till you see what happens later on . . .
POS	a rather unusual thing about'the thirteenth floor' is the almost complete lack of special effects .
NEG	if it wasn't for his quirky one-liners , i doubt i could have remained awake , because quite frankly i was getting sleepy .
POS	peck , with co-writer pascal bonitzer , begins at the end of the story of the young political leader .
NEG	chambers can't act ; suvari , roth and deneuve can , but aren't given the chance .
NEG	and then it goes nowhere .
NEG	should you sacrifice your hard-earned cash to support murphy's risky gamble ?
POS	the two men were sent to the apartment to recover a mysterious briefcase for their boss , marsellus wallace .
NEG	the film looked like the usual sitcom stuff , and is plagued with the cheap set design features reserved for a tv movie .
POS	it was also co-written by cusack , and some of his collaborators on the terrific comedy , grosse point blank .
NEG	the most fun that * i * had last month was in durham , at the carolina , at a mid-week screening of stanley kubrick's pitch-black comedy dr .
POS	and so , after a six-year stint as a comedic actor , the proof on whether or not williams can cut it in the dramatic league has come down to patch adams .
NEG	apparently , this is devastating .
NEG	these characters are about as generic as those descriptions .
NEG	he constantly gives deadpan reactions to things that are very silly and out-of-place , which means he has more than his share of deadpan reactions .
NEG	( 4 ) murphy has written for himself perhaps his blandest role to date .
NEG	the only redeeming qualities about this film are the fine acting of fiennes and dafoe and the beautiful desert cinematography .
POS	_beloved_'s most memorable scenes are those of baby suggs' gatherings in a forest clearing , where the bright yellow-greens of nature entrance the viewer as much as suggs' words do .
NEG	i haven't mentioned the movie's twist yet .
POS	do we really need a family film reinforcing the idea that mocking short people is acceptable ?
NEG	jon voight , the stock evil guy in countless other movies , is , surprise , the stock evil guy here .
POS	he assumes that nick is still lost in vietnam .
POS	at first reluctant , virgil finally travels with amy to nyc and agrees to the surgery , much to the hesitance of his overbearing , but loving older sister ( kelly mcgillis ) .
NEG	now , what kind of adult - with a good job and a successful career - would actually look forward to reliving the hell that was - and is - high school and adolescence .
NEG	john patterson ( val kilmer ) , the bridge building expert set to oversee the operation , tried to rid his operation of the lions , but fails .
POS	henderson is haunted by the memory of an altar boy who witnesses the mother's death as well as a young girl who he finds orphaned in a hospital after a mortar attack on citizens waiting in line for bread .
NEG	play it to the bone is a punch-drunk mess of a movie .
NEG	these characters are so insipid only the most forgiving viewer would be manipulated by these weak scenes .
NEG	sadly what follows is not really up to the buildup .
POS	in addition to schreck's performance , the cinematography and effects are outstanding .
NEG	this movie boils down to a mindless slashfest that never conjures up any amount of wry wit or even a quirky campiness .
POS	this italian film star , best known in the united states for the poorly received son of the pink panther , has done the near impossible by creating a comic fable about the holocaust .
POS	steve martin generates the power behind bowfinger , but murphy fuels it .
POS	although the idea of starting at the " conclusion " of the plotline and then moving backward in time to the " start " is not entirely new , never before have i witnessed it executed with such flair and coherence .
NEG	by the time we get to the final showdown , with lambert getting to wield his own sword ( which , judging from the ham-handed editing of one scene , was forged in seven hours or so ) , we no longer care .
NEG	his camera angles and sense of style are all in place , but sadly his lighting and editing are all badly done .
NEG	money train is one of the worst movies i have ever seen .
POS	the one poor choice in casting , however , was rosie o'donnell .
NEG	i have a name for it myself : " gross " .
NEG	at this point in the movie , of course , morality comes into play , particularly on goldblum , who suddenly feels he can market the magical g into megabucks to get in good with his boss ( robert loggia ) .
NEG	hopefully , this picture will force producers to think harder about which subjects have promise and which do not .
POS	the battles in the thin red line are astonishing and display a mastery of filmmaking .
NEG	but this sucked .
POS	if you're a little older , you'll appreciate the interesting plot line , the romance , and yes , the mountains of adventure .
POS	and , this being a political film , the ubiquitous larry king makes an appearance , as , * shock * , himself .
NEG	supergirl lost me from the opening scenes and went steadily downhill for the rest of its two hour plus running time .
NEG	things start out strong enough , with cinematographer darius khondji's stunning camera work guiding viewers into the bowels of a underwater ghost town during a creepy prologue that establishes a notably grim tone right off the bat .
POS	on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " big eden " is a charming , quirky , off-beat 7 .
POS	he could do nothing without the legwork of his trusty assistant dr . watson , i mean steve arlo ( ben stiller ) .
POS	ironically , this is what made his first film `the crow' work so well , which had a similar theme of struggling to find hope and the human spirit within a nearly identical , dark twisted world .
NEG	for some reason , it takes her more time than anyone to figure out that her niece is gifted , and even longer to figure out that every move that she makes . . . is
NEG	rea is wasted , and has practically no scenes where he actually talks to his son , or to anyone else for that matter .
POS	" i know you are .
POS	smith's regular joe comes off particularly well , as he runs from authorties for reasons that he knows not .
POS	by including the vignettes , itami ran the risk of creating a disjointed film , but surprisingly , they do not interrupt the pacing of the main storyline .
NEG	for grace , this is a way to save her house and get her out of debt ; for the scotsman , matthew , it offers a chance for him to continue to live in this beautiful village and earn enough money to marry his fisherman girlfriend nicky ( valerie ) .
POS	but meeting expectations and following a familiar path aren't always bad things in a movie , provided the film accomplishes those goals with a modicum of style and an attention to detail .
POS	and the first person to bring up glory daze gets decked . )
NEG	although this movie does not come anywhere close to the strangeness of former , it is still a long way from anything considered desirable .
POS	her passion for `long-distance communication' is the result of her younger days being spent avidly in front of a ham-radio system ( a hobbyist radio communication device ) which her late-father bought for her .
POS	but there is evil behind the scenes , as inventors prepare an army of robots disguised as children .
POS	this was , of course , a big deal for me because reviewing movies is basically just a hobby for me and i never get a chance at something like this .
POS	lange gives a strong and spirited portrayal of a woman on the edge who draws up the courage to try and put things right for her family .
NEG	she's also miscast ; she seems way too old to still have a year of high school to complete .
POS	though one too many plot contrivances keep ben and sarah together through the film , and they do exchange the obligatory mutual character analysis of bickering screen couples , forces of nature wraps up so perfectly that you'll end up remembering the humor and the simple wisdom .
NEG	the unbearable villains courtesy of timothy dalton and thaddeus rains spend the entire film proclaiming that everyone should be hanged , sucking out any energy left in the film .
POS	but eventually max realizes he is too young for miss cross , and he can't stand in the way of two people in love .
POS	christopher lee , in fact , star of many hammer productions over the years , appears at the beginning of sleepy hollow as a judge who sends ichabod crane out to investigate the murders .
NEG	please have mercy .
POS	but hey , as rose mcgowan's character said in the first film : " no , please don't kill me , mr . ghostface -- i want to be in the sequel ! "
POS	either way , i suggest investing your money in a copy .
POS	an accomplished actor when he isn't directing himself in vanity productions , branagh does a fine job of making rick a sympathetic hero while casting doubt upon his motives .
NEG	that's another main element of watchers reborn .
NEG	whenever i saw d'onofrio's bug stomp and eat people in the film , it got terribly boring after a while .
NEG	every fight scene , even though technically adroit and amazing becomes boring as the editing both cuts away from battle at hand and simple follows a set pattern .
POS	but also like those other films , it is a highly enjoyable ride .
POS	director paul anderson ( who did mortal kombat ) and his team of `atmosphere' creators have done well in keeping event horizon within the bounds of the term `horror' .
NEG	i know wrestling isn't a sport , but you can still get behind a guy who struggles as a wrestler and finally makes it in the end .
POS	bouajila does a terrific job holding center stage on the screen .
NEG	here , she plays marvin's sunny love interest .
POS	the plot is largely lifted from " the great escape " ( watch for a quick reference to the ball-bouncing scene ) , with some spielberg-inspired action sequences providing the excitement .
POS	when one of his inventions causes the offering too be completely lost , the leaders of the colony send him out on a mission too get him out of the way .
POS	it seems their comic book alter egos , bluntman and chronic , are being used in a movie without jay and silent bob's consent .
NEG	i paid closer attention to knock off , and the only thing i am able to say about it is that van damme plays a dude named ray , and is accused by the cia ( i think ) of selling knock off products ( knock off products are , of course , products that look like name-brand materials but are generic and cheap ) .
POS	they both have faces , mr . fiennes and ms . tyler , capable of conveying archetypal russian misery .
POS	at one point suzanne is expounding on her knowledge of world events to her future husband and sister-in-law .
NEG	( i think they only made him a former law professor so that he could verify the double-jeopardy theory when libby gets the drop on nick .
NEG	but my biggest kudos go out to sagemiller , who holds her own throughout the entire film , and actually has you feeling her character's unraveling .
POS	patachou , especially , is wonderful as the grandma character and a kindred spirit to felix .
POS	while working as a janitor at mit , he delights in anonymously proving theorems on the math building's hall blackboards .
POS	but what makes it supremely different from a porn is the fact that this is not an erotic experience .
NEG	special effects take over as the plotline devolves into incoherent silliness .
NEG	a line intended to be the most memorable quote of the production .
NEG	rarely is a film so lost in itself as wild wild west is .
POS	it's a backwards machismo , i suppose , the urge to see the things which you so loathe ; but i need to see a bad film every once in a while .
NEG	at this point , 100 , 000 women don wedding gowns and head off to persuade jimmie to pick them to be his bride .
POS	the kind of guy who puts a cream-filled snowball into his mouth , puffs up his cheeks and spits it out , and then says " i'm a zit -- get it ? "
POS	the hero of the sixth sense , a young boy named cole , is a rich creation , and we wish nothing more than for the ghosts who haunt him to take a hike .
NEG	the film offers a few funny ( albeit juvenile ) moments and the on-screen relationship between pinkett smith's woo and tommy davidson's tim is appealing on those rare occasions when the two aren't forced to play it dumb for the sake of an endless barrage of cheap gags .
NEG	you don't have to be carl jung to understand that dream .
NEG	when will robinson ( jack johnson ) teaches his pet robot about friendship , you are actually supposed to buy it .
NEG	that score and the whole film will be remembered when the 2001 film is forgotten .
NEG	drawing elements from both the puppet masters and invasion of the body snatchers , screenwriter kevin williamson ( of scream 2 credit ) gives us a horror tale set in middle america ( ohio ) one eventful fall .
NEG	scary-looking old men sit in judgment of a man who only wants to help people .
NEG	owing to the increased occurrence of turpin's robberies , captain desmond fancey of the bow street runners ( kenneth williams ) and his sidekick sergeant jock strapp ( jack douglas ) visit turpin's area of influence to bring him to justice .
POS	two of scientists , stone and hall , fly directly to the town in space suits and find a town where almost every single resident literally dropped in their tracks , their blood turned to powder in their veins .
POS	the plot is coincidentally a lot like the plot of the recent the score , which is , in fact , a very similar story .
POS	? if you don't like the spice girls , you won't change your mind with this film .
POS	( during the time the story takes place , many new nations , including nigeria and somalia , were born , with varying degrees of success and failure , usually dependent upon which country colonized them .
POS	aliens not only multiplies the thrills and suspense from scott's version , it also multiplies the number of aliens in general .
NEG	sean penn stars u-turn , as bobby , a drifter who's had some troubles a while back .
POS	but , it's most certainly not saturday-night-friendly fare .
POS	when i went to see dangerous beauty earlier this year , two ladies behind me kept commenting about how handsome he was .
NEG	not no broads .
POS	in spawn , it was the " living room hell " conclusion at the end .
POS	howard , helpless against the force of chad's will , agrees to the plan .
NEG	are critics so desperate for something unique that they're blind to how derivative the particular brand of " uniqueness " betty dolls out is ?
NEG	but , as i said , it moves slowly and in that way , it's more painful than funny .
POS	jekyll/hyde ( john malkovich ) is terminally depressed and desperate .
POS	plot : set in the year 2058 , the family robinson is chosen to sail out into space in search of other planets that might contain the natural resources earth needs in order to survive its future .
POS	it is the perfect example of dramatic irony to see the jedi masters aspire to get him trained in the jedi arts ; we know that it will do more harm than good , but they do not .
POS	'you're blowing this out of proportion , ' he says of her concerns about reese , not comprehending that his mom has enough insight to have divined the true nature of the relationship .
POS	his new film , the thin red line , is a strange , beautiful , enigmatic mess of a movie .
NEG	i suppose you could call this mainstream , but i'll choose the bizarre any time of the day .
NEG	although there are some fantastic shots by de palma , including a 15 minute steadicam shot at the start of the film , halfway through the film drops dead .
NEG	the effects in baby geniuses ( similar to the talking animals in babe ) are pathetic , the editing is a disaster , and the jokes are never funny .
POS	but the perfect world of " wiseguys " gradually begins to fall apart - tommy's unpredictable outbursts of homicidal violence , jimmy's reluctance to share his part of the loot with partners and , finally , henry's own drug habit would lead to his downfall and make him question his loyalty to the friends .
NEG	we also see that the black pimps have a number of white girls in their stable and we see how they treat them like dirt , as the film implies that this could be payback for the days of slavery , of master and slave relations .
NEG	this is the sort of movie that they should make people in prison watch .
POS	while kubrick may have a moral message throughout his films , fincher relies on cinematic devices to bring his meanings out .
NEG	what works : drew's geeky old-self .
POS	the movie's pacing is very good and subtle .
NEG	while the fugitive gave a little time to develop harrison fords character , u . s marshals is straight in there , pulling it's trump card ( the place crash ) almost immediately .
NEG	take for example " casablanca . "
NEG	the producers of this crow were either too dim to realize their story was doomed to be a hollow rehash , or too cynical to figure their audience would know the difference .
NEG	the right hand man ( australia , 1986 ) director : di drew screenplay : helen hodgman cast : rupert everett , hugo weaving , arthur dignam , jennifer claire , catherine mcclements
POS	as has been made obvious for the last several years , another trilogy of films will be produced to account for the [missing] initial three installments of the `star wars' series ( the first of the films was actually episode four , not one ) .
POS	no one had the urge to " rage against the dying of the light " .
NEG	sherman himself is terribly insecure and never conveys anything for the audience to become attached to .
NEG	i was thoroughly irritated with tyrell , who incessantly ranted and raved about his sexual libido .
NEG	at one point , mr . liotta looked exactly like jack nicholson in the shining ( i'm serious ! ) .
POS	he will fly over this island at a safe altitude just this once .
POS	but , with a little imagination , some charm and raw sex appeal and a rather novel approach to junior achievement , our heroine manages to overcome the nay-sayers in her life , at least temporarily .
POS	my problem is that i'm a slow reader , and not very dedicated -- i'll enjoy portions of a book and then set it down for months at a time ( it's taken me the last six weeks to get through the first one hundred pages of anna karenina , even though i'm loving the book ) .
POS	and he has to take along a young kid , the short- fused jimmy silk ( sam rockwell ) .
NEG	it could be said that fans of brainless action films might enjoy " mission to mars , " but such a comment ignores the fact that the film is also incredibly slow-going .
POS	the stakes keep raising ( much like in executive decision , an excellent action-thriller ) , and even though the audience knows how the film will end , it's a lot of fun getting there .
POS	it's startling to consider that it was only a few years ago that film distributors would worriedly rearrange their summer release schedules in order to give the annual disney animated feature juggernaut a wide berth .
POS	there is no time to take a breather between scenes because , again unlike most summer movies ( godzilla anybody ?
POS	maybe it's because of how the mundane is mixed with the bizarre .
POS	life and color maybe , but this is not close's best role .
NEG	sam's multiple engagements with his family are all completely hackneyed ( how about a main character who has a healthy relationship with his family ? ) .
NEG	this is the last carry on film with its almost intact regular cast and it is the swansong of hattie jacques and sid james .
POS	scheider , dreyfuss , and shaw were known actors at the time " jaws " was made , but none of them had the draw of a robert redford or paul newman .
POS	zero is the kind of guy who seems at ease switching personalities so frequently as he does here ; the fact that he's an almost exaggeratedly twisted , emotionally unstable man outside of his profession is not at all difficult to believe .
NEG	some may find my comparisons to boogie nights unfair , but they're so obvious to me .
NEG	everything about this proposed action smacks of vietnam , with this scenario closer to home , so what probably awaits such an effort is a more futile result than the other war .
NEG	certainly not good factors for a film passing itself off for a thriller .
NEG	these days , audiences are becoming more difficult to impress with computer-generated special effects .
NEG	simon was able to get away , and jeffries finds him hiding in a secret compartment in a closet , which the rest of the chicago police department had overlooked .
NEG	the camera zooms in frequently and leeringly at catherine zeta-jones's tight wardrobe .
POS	yet there is something so captivating about the sensibility behind the camera that i couldn't help but feel that greatness was in the air .
NEG	i'm not sure what writer and director ferland was hoping to accomplish with the babysitter .
POS	most of this is through the film's use of the character groeteschele ( walter matthau ) , an arrogant civilian theorist of nuclear weapons use who , incidentally , is on the president's advising staff for analyzing the statistical plausibility of waging a nuclear war .
POS	as the screws tighten , and the tensions mount , alexander payne decides to add elements that , frankly , distract from the story .
POS	and the depth of personality in each , is achingly honest and insightful .
POS	aliens pumps up the stakes , and cameron directs it with professional quality .
POS	let's just say picasso would be inspired by what blonde does to the cop's ear .
POS	will they get fired from their yuppie jobs ?
POS	every character is extremely likable and different from characters from other sci fi films .
NEG	elijah wood also comes off rather successfully , but he still hasn't had many good roles ( wood , stick to drama !
POS	what if he's also able to think on his feet ?
POS	it also gives a feel of being in flanders ( the whole film was respectably shot in flanders ) .
POS	" trust in the lord with all thine heart ; and lean not unto thine own understanding . "
NEG	patch is exactly the character he should be best at , yet even the scene where he and another mental patient are battling fierce imaginary squirrels falls flat .
NEG	be forewarned .
POS	another problem is the silly love-triangle that develops .
POS	so this film is predictable , just as the screwball comedies of the classical hollywood cinema were predictable ( and the screwball genre is obviously hoffman's model for this film ) .
POS	the film is based on the screenplay by fellini and tonino guerra and it lacks the plot in usual sense .
NEG	the ending tries to be bleak , but just comes off annoying .
POS	but before long , amanda and johnson's sleazy chauffeur release that johnson is a lot more than just eccentric .
POS	frank and john now must work together to set things right , with john using the information he has gathered in the future to instruct frank on what to do in the past .
NEG	perhaps the musketeer , a new film that " reimagines " the novel in the spirit and style of the matrix , is one adaptation too many .
POS	* * a little creaky , but still better than staying at home with gotcha !
POS	" good will hunting " exposes the lack of profoundness of deliberately schmaltzy storytelling , but , unlike " little man tate " or " phenomenon " , it doesn't set up its story in a black and white , point a to point b be manner , but as the saga of an extraordinary individual whose feasibility for success doesn't automatically signify he must make easy , familiar choices , like the protagonists in the aforementioned .
NEG	there's no zest in any aspect of the film , and no reason to spend ninety minutes watching it .
POS	as is seemingly becoming a regular staple of a kevin williamson screenplay , the narrative is once again framed around the increasingly-flimsy premise of a whodunit .
NEG	they had characters who talked with funny accents in an attempt to make you laugh .
NEG	still , its slightly amusing parts are longed for when the movie gets bogged down in sappy moments .
NEG	who on earth would say that in place of " citizen kane meets the munsters " ?
POS	well , regardless of my picky nature , the romance actually works as only disney romance can : purely contrived , but for some reason rather believable .
NEG	but kids don't act like this .
POS	and danny runs into his ex-love , maggie ( " breaking the waves " 's emily watson ) , who hasn't seen him since he went in .
NEG	bont has a style of filmmaking so out of line with the material that it is , in itself , frightening .
NEG	there's the occasional good one liner , but these are usually strangely delivered wrong and lose most of the humour .
POS	with the rumpo's past experience , it would seem that marshall is out of his depth , but using his sanitary skills and learning the ways of the west from annie oakley , he at least stands some chance !
NEG	schneider has a sweetness that makes the clueless but good-hearted deuce believable .
NEG	this isn't the first time he has adapted a tv show for the big screen ( the addams family , anyone ? ) , but it's the first big stinker of his career as a director .
NEG	often , mediocre films are more of a pain for the audience than the horrendous ones .
POS	" drunken master " has the distinction of being the first jackie chan movie to " make it big " --this is the movie that supposedly set jackie up for big stardom in hong kong .
NEG	randy quaid sneers a lot , and is totally unconvincing .
NEG	( you waited 10 years , what's another few days ? - or why not set up another heist instead ? ) .
POS	this time , we get to see the entire gobbling action , with floating limbs and all .
POS	he worrys about a small earthquake enough to leave his daughter at home with a baby sitter .
NEG	he's adept at conveying emotions through speech rather than expression : his feelings don't always show on his face by you can always tell what they are .
POS	and , of course , he can't rest worth for a moment because the mobster's goons are always needing the shrink for something , be it a quick consultation or dream analyzation .
POS	after seeing his latest performance in this film , i've changed my mind -- this guy can act , but he also has that forceful presence that most certainly will make him one of those $20 million superstars .
POS	val kilmer , usually cast in the " macho " type of role , was always believable as a blind person , and playing his character was probably a little more tricky than it appears .
NEG	to make matters worse , you'll be forced to sit through the movie's clothed scenes , which don't cover up for laughable acting and some of the most absurd dialogue ever spoken in film history .
NEG	along the way , shaye picks up an ornithologist hostage played by suzy amis , who turns out to have been trained in warrior ways by her father , who was a marine drill instructor .
NEG	the other day , though , while i was perusing the selection of the local video store , i stumbled upon , you guessed it , " american perfekt " .
POS	too often , it seems , argento's films as a whole are less than the sum of their impressive parts .
NEG	in a related aside , former railway worker bob goodall ( danny glover ) is cruising through the snowbound west in his pinup-plastered ( even on the seatbelts ) el dorado .
NEG	quick cuts , cool music , claire dane's nice hair and cute outfits , car chases , stuff blowing up , and the like .
NEG	urban legend tries to deconstruct modern-day folklore much the same way scream deconstructed slasher films , but it doesn't quite succeed .
NEG	useless trivia--ironically , elizabeth berkley played virtuous and " holier than thou " jessie on the teeny-bopper tv show , " saved by the bell " , before breaking onto the big screen .
NEG	in that order , i recommend that you rent any one of the alien films , simply to admire the qualities of a creature that actually threatens our heroes .
NEG	in fact , it was everything that 8mm is not .
POS	however , charleton heston , whom many might think would butcher shakespeare , is the biggest surprise of all .
POS	commodus is his opposite in every way : a sniveling , selfish coward who is intended to disgust the audience .
NEG	anyone with half a brain would be able to see that his intelligent flying automaton is worth billions .
NEG	he's flawed , and we can see redemption if the story wasn't so formulaic .
POS	the young actor , making his film debut as a 15 year old student at the exclusive rushmore academy is so perfect in the role that it comes as a shock that anderson auditioned some two thousand other prospective stars before discovering schwarztman .
NEG	sonic weapons ?
POS	lance henriksen is terrific as bishop , showing that androids don't always have to be flat characters .
NEG	whoops .
POS	she fits nicely in her character and there is a good chemistry between her and hugh laurie who plays mr . little .
POS	the special effects are amazing , and fooled me ( which some may argue isn't very difficult to do ) in many scenes .
POS	" i still _am_ good , " ford replies .
POS	diversity is what makes a director successful for a long period of time .
NEG	from that opening scene , where boring actor ryan phillippe tries to seduce tv actress swoosie kurtz , to the conclusion which i don't remember because i had practically fallen asleep ; cruel intentions is truly " hell on earth , " right up there with war and tax audits .
NEG	selena somehow knows that this ball from the sky will help her with her evil plans , and she sets out to achieve world domination .
NEG	nobody dresses as bad as she does .
POS	maguire's disengaged alienation works perfectly here .
POS	he decides to take action when a united nations' delegation descends upon the area to declare yugoslavia the fourteenth most dangerous place on earth .
POS	as well , the verbal introduction of each new person seems to take forever .
NEG	are these hallucinations ?
NEG	unfortunately he's in the film for only about two minutes .
POS	jackie chan is the barry sanders of moviemaking .
POS	even so , this carry on was sid james and kenneth williams' favourite .
NEG	the camera zooms in incredibly close .
POS	after a security guard enters into the hotel room unexpectantly and sees the body , robert is forced to kill him as well .
NEG	his character is said to have gotten so drunk one night that he had " welcome aboard " tatooed on his penis .
NEG	how many years have they been friends and why all of a sudden would they want to learn ?
NEG	so many problems strike the opening segment of the film that the remaining portions directly suffer .
POS	but he didn't just successfully avoid flaws : he has created a great film here , one that had me interested and fascinated from the first shot to the final moment .
NEG	one day filmmakers here in the u . s . will stop making films by the numbers and start to embrace the style and emotion that has made hong kong action pictures such a commodity .
POS	from the eloquent , not-in-a-hurry to progress storyline to the dainty watercolors that grace paints .
POS	but it's generally very good , although not up to the brilliance the role really requires .
NEG	gadget then spends the latter third of the movie trying to locate claw and having various altercations ( not really " battles " ) with the evil gadget .
NEG	sequel ?
NEG	sadly , mighty joe young wastes them both .
NEG	so for the first half hour of the film , you're basically just sitting there , watching these two " lovers " go through the motions until the " betrayal " occurs .
POS	he wants kermit to be his spokesman , but kermit is humiliated at the idea and spends the movie avoiding him and his assistants .
NEG	the film's secret is ho-hum at best , and anyone who has watched the trailer and is aware of the law of economy of characters can figure out who the top conspirator is .
NEG	underwater science fiction stays submerged
NEG	but forget all that , it goes without saying that mad slasher films ( or any other exploitation off-shoot ) will be made without an ounce of craft ( especially considering the sheer volume that are produced ) .
NEG	in category number three we have , in addition to those swirling red gases and the silly-looking train , a couple of bird's-eye-view shots of a sprawling martian metropolis ( reddish also ) .
NEG	bosco seems to be an expert in all things supergirl and is there with szwarc to ensure that there's no dead air on the track .
POS	for those of you not recently steeped in " star wars " trivia , emperor palpatine is that scary hooded apparition who was darth vader's master in " return of the jedi " and " empire strikes back . "
POS	as marcellus , the guard who sees the elder hamlet's ghost , lemmon sadly underperforms and is shown up left and right by those around him .
POS	i'm not saying that i was hysterically rolling on the floor while watching waiting for guffman , but my mouth burst open with at least a delighted guffaw at least every couple of minutes .
POS	the romantic moments are sweet , yet not sappy .
NEG	thankfully there are a few factors that i particularly liked .
POS	superb directing , writing , acting and music , all combine to make one spectacular film .
NEG	the two soon see this as a possibly big business opportunity , as grace works miracles with the plants which turn out to be high-quality stuff .
NEG	it's hard to tell whether the overall corniness and cheesiness to the movie is intentional because it is a family film , or if the filmmaker's are just this untalented and stupid .
POS	and from hell's ending had me whistling the stonecutters song from the simpsons for days ( " who holds back the electric car/who made steve guttenberg a star ? " ) .
POS	there is a lot that could have gone wrong with october sky .
POS	he refuses help from anybody and does not respond to affectionate gestures .
POS	even if you don't recognize every band you see on stage , you can imagine being as enthralled by their work as the public sitting in those seats .
NEG	after the discussion of the newly-restored version of frank capra's lost horizon , where several scenes had been restored using stills , i was interested to see sadie thompson , where the last 5 minutes of the film had been destroyed many years ago .
NEG	best remembered for his understated performance as dr . hannibal lecter in michael mann's forensics thriller , manhunter , scottish character actor brian cox brings something special to every movie he works on .
NEG	those hoping for an interesting and/or funny yarn are given too many musical interludes while those heavily interested in the music are given too much of a story .
NEG	and a couple sequences are kicky in that kind of proposterous , completely inane but fun kinda way , most notably : a sequence where he tests out a new gun on an annoying gun builder ( jack black ) ; and a bit where he seduces a gay washington man , which has its share of a couple good jokes , most particular a kiss by willis .
POS	now in great expectations he gets to chase gwyneth paltrow , a rail-thin blonde . )
POS	although on the face of it , event horizon is mostly molded for mass-entertainment ; many thrills , spills and suspense to keep audiences in focus .
POS	the contemptuous dillon befriends coyle and treats him to a steak dinner and takes him to a bruin hockey game while getting him boozed up .
POS	greene is not even given a final word , like some of the other characters , and we don't even see him walk the infamous green mile .
POS	this one relies on telling a fully character-oriented story , with just the right amount of heart , humor , and drama .
POS	but when he sends his application for the school in , he is bluntly told to just remain a worker .
NEG	maybe the worst thing about the movie is that del toro followed another annoying trend of recent movies : he forgot to turn the lights on .
NEG	there is a certain sublimeness to the image of a lights and siren decked out yugo skittering its way through the town streets .
NEG	but to get closer to the kinfolk , he will fix people's porches for free .
NEG	it not only appears to have been tailor made for a swarm of 12- and 13-year-old boys , it appears to have been made by them .
NEG	also attacking the ba'ku is data ( brent spiner ) , a robot from the star trek enterprise .
NEG	sadly , that's one of the film's most enjoyable sequences , and the entertainment value is entirely unintentional .
NEG	you have to say this for stone : she can keep a straight face .
NEG	again , it's not a character we're seeing on the screen , it's david suchet .
NEG	and what a strange career path for director chuck russell .
NEG	her latest relationship , with a testosterone-overdosed drug-dealer , came to an abrupt end when she refused to wear a beeper .
POS	he decided not to sell them to me , because they were " innappropriate " .
NEG	although the story is updated , you know the plot .
NEG	as a result , we get the worst werewolf sequel since the howling ii : your sister is a werewolf .
NEG	the plane nosedives into the water and sinks , but from its wreckage robicheaux rescues a little pixie-faced salvadoran girl whom he and his wife immediately decide to adopt .
POS	my biggest problem with the film is that rebecca pidgeon's acting at times seems very poor .
POS	the script , written john august , is sharp and witty , with good dialogue and some funny jokes .
POS	to aptly picture him , you would have to remember a saturday night live skit featuring " steve the copy guy " who effortlessly irritated his co-workers with his unpolished social skills .
POS	it proved that it didn't need to brag about it's cutting edge technology to really soar ( it's the least visually striking of the three computer animated films thus far , but is still the most satisfying ) , and created a perfect world of idiosyncratic delights and innocent fun .
POS	if the farrelly brothers taught anatomy & physiology in school , no one would cut ever class .
POS	while this isn't his best performance ( that honour goes to groundhog day ) he is still terrific here .
NEG	his selections calls for an immediate firing of his agent .
POS	" afterschool special " my ass ? " crazy/beautiful " is the real deal .
POS	the dialogue in interesting and the director is marvelous .
POS	the film opens with a flashback , in which derek brutally kills two black men vandalizing his car .
POS	the only person , other than joe , that really cares for simon is joe's mom , who he also looks up to as a mother .
NEG	the most charitable thing that could be said about it is that it is so ineffectual that people will probably forget they saw it by the next day .
NEG	this of course results in the corny ending , showing that mom's heart was always in the right place , only she went about it in the wrong way .
NEG	truthfully , with his bad haircut ( seemingly modeled after weird al yankovic , little richard , and giant poodles ) and his unenthusiastic demeanor , we'd probably throw tomatoes at him just for fun .
POS	right now i have to grab some paint .
POS	where to start about michelle pfeiffer ?
NEG	the characters are hawk ( edward furlong ) , lex ( giuseppe andrews ) , trip ( james debello ) , and jam ( sam huntington ) .
POS	but alas , i like watching movies the way they were originally intended to be seen .
POS	? beatty is so much fun to watch here -- he's always funny , but he's also subtle in ways that flesh out his character without dialogue or hugely noticeable actions .
POS	they are boarding the titanic , which is sailing to america , and this is where she is to marry cal .
NEG	there also seemed to be no reason that it is set in the early seventies .
NEG	lindo projects a warm hearted , but tightly focused detective that almost transcends the material .
POS	i'm afraid that his talents are so understated that he may have to wait till his hip needs replacing to be offered such an award worthy of his considerable talent .
POS	since they find no pleasure in living , they find some excitement in killing and dying .
POS	when fascists finally show their true colours and begin torturing their opponents , even this becomes opportunity for scenes of macabre humour .
NEG	why don't they just cut the mouseketeer's rope at the top of the tower , instead of jumping down on their own chords and fighting him while hanging ?
POS	but despite this , the nation still loved eva , and when she slipped into death , the world mourned her because she was a star .
NEG	the real miracle of my night was the fact that i did not fall asleep during this straightforward , unimpressive film about a guy with special powers who we never truly understand or care about .
NEG	any paralells that you might have heard before , linking this picture to kubrick's " the shining " , are absolutely baseless .
NEG	sin , indeed .
POS	one highly original element of the film is that judith occasionally imagines things occuring in her mind in the way she wishes they would happen .
POS	the bottom line : a wonderful , enchanting , and heartbreaking film .
POS	meatloaf sings like meatloaf .
NEG	however , film does deal with potentially thought-provoking social and political issues , so hour and half spent in front of the screen shouldn't be the total waste of time .
NEG	whip out those thinking caps , kids !
POS	the characters are extremely likable , the movie is ridiculously funny , and the experience is simply enjoyable .
NEG	some talented actresses are blessed with a demonstrated wide acting range while others , almost as gifted , have more limited types of parts for which they are suitable .
POS	playing sex symbols throughout the '80s with such pictures as " american gigolo " and " an officer and a gentleman , " gere branches out here to play a more quiet , almost shy , but still alluring , character that believably could sweep julia roberts off her feet , and vice versa .
POS	note that the previous verse says " and the river shall bring forth frogs abundantly which shall go up . . . , "
POS	death decides to take a holiday , what with all the rigors of soul-collecting and all , and forces anthony hopkins into showing him what it's like to be human .
POS	on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " osmosis jones " is a wildly imaginative , original , explosive 7 .
POS	first of all we have to catalog what we know about the film before even going into it .
NEG	joely fisher does fine as the zany scientist and even better as the zany carbon copy of herself .
POS	teaming up with the russian government , he orders a strike force capture of alexander radek , a reactionary general ready to re-unite the soviet union under his fascist reign .
POS	in fact , her chemistry with ford is what really makes the film click ; these opposites attract with the utmost , endearing electricity .
POS	writer joss whedon devises a quick , easy , and painless answer to the dead ripley problem--clone her , which is what shady military scientists do using some blood left behind on fiorina 161 , the prison planet of the third film .
NEG	the film doesn't trust us to get it the first time .
POS	bubby's relationship to the world may be warped , but it is at least stable .
POS	both provide some pretty good entertainment .
POS	the narration which fills the film ( and perplexes many ) not only lets us hear the narrators ( the characters themselves ) pontificate , but also lets us hear such of-the-moment thoughts as " i'm scared . "
POS	i'm not trying to say city of angels is that bad .
NEG	in a classic example of telling and not showing , " spawn " opens with a truckload of mumbo jumbo about forces of darkness , forces of light and how " men are the ones who create evil on earth . "
POS	meanwhile , her gorgeous neighbor nora ( uma thurman . . .
NEG	the movie sets up its ( microscopic ) plot with beat-a-dead-horse-into-glue obviousness .
POS	de heer never seems to be sure how bubby should interface with the real world : the tone shifts , uneasily , from fable to realism to satire and back again .
NEG	drab color choices and aliens that appear to have been created in jell-o molds sap the pizzazz from the big set pieces .
POS	i know i am going maybe a bit too far to make my point but everybody should get the chance to experience this movie .
NEG	bo dietl ( pronounced deedle , baldwin ) is one tough cop , a guy who is being investigated by hardass fbi agents due to his association with the ny mafia .
POS	she will go through countless ritual baths to cleanse herself , as her rigid mother ( koenig ) dunks her in the holy water and says a ritual prayer for the 12 times she is dunked as an homage to the 12 tribes of israel .
POS	the score has been replaced by music from type o negative , a hard-rock group , arguably gothic , and their songs underscore the film nicely-- certainly the coolest video a band can ask for .
POS	in all fairness , it should be noted that those who love this film greatly outnumber those who hate it .
NEG	and nobody wins .
POS	and she was shocked to hear that i actually liked it .
NEG	i know from the instant i saw that irishman in the bathtub that she'd hate him for awhile , then succumb to his charms , live happily for a reel or so before allowing some superficial detail to throw the relationship into turmoil , after which they'd reconcile in time for a happy irish tune to play over the end credits .
NEG	thank you ! )
NEG	why is the end of 1999 considered to be the devil's number " 666 , '' well !
POS	when he engages the teenage first daughter in sensitive conversation about his family and the next minute threatens to blow a hole in her forehead , you know that he's over the edge in the manner that people with a cause can become .
NEG	mein fuhrer !
NEG	julie and one other , ray ( freddie prinze jr . ) , survived only to make this dismal sequal .
POS	the pain that lillian feels , as she forgets about her desires to raise a family , and she stares at her painting of the cow and the song , " make the world go away " blares out from the background , after she has learned that frances' beautiful and loving dog has been brutalized by her monster of a husband , all in the name of science , had a raw power to it that personalizes the dangers of bad science .
POS	he is joined by three women , who have little to do except scream , " jackie , save us ! " , and misuse firearms .
NEG	at first i thought it was done by the same people , but imdb informs me that ig was directed by david kellogg and written by dana olsen and kerry ehrin , where mfm was directed by donald petrie and written by sherri stoner and deanna oliver .
POS	the best parts of the patriot are the scenes in which martin and his rugged militia men outsmart the british armies left and right .
POS	i hope it still does since you still hear about school kids hacking into the computers at pentagon .
NEG	.
POS	unlike steven spielberg , benigni is not out to tell the story of the holocaust .
NEG	the creature has the ability to kill people by swinging his arms around and pushing .
POS	but unlike cort , maguire is easier to warm up to ; he's a messed up kid reaching for artistic credibility .
NEG	what's weird is how little tension this generates , except near the end , when the pressure is being troweled on through every cheap cinematic form of cheating imaginable : loud music , shaky camerawork , etc . sigourney weaver has become comfortable with the role , and she does well with it , but this time the role has been underwritten and left slack .
NEG	huh ?
NEG	they're pathetic , like all garage bands , but they like kiss and they like rock n' roll , so i guess that means we root for them .
NEG	he fakes injuries to get off duty , tries to avoid arrest situations so that he won't have to fill out any forms . . . now
NEG	some people say that a film does its job if it makes you want to visit the locale it takes place in ( despite the film's tone , i still want to go to rome and its many nightclubs after i saw fellini's " la dolce vita " ) , and when i watched " 54 , " i didn't particularly want to stay .
POS	as the bar scene progresses , the camera pans 180 degrees to reveal the fury of the mob .
POS	ever since wall street , douglas has spent the greater part of his career playing variations on the shark in a suit gordon gecko character he personified in the mid-80's .
POS	on the second hand , we're simply assuming it will be bad or good because of a personal " grudge " against the film company ( it's made by disney ?
NEG	with few exceptions , sequels tend to be worse than the films that spawned them , but the fact that " species ii " is a follow-up isn't the only reason it's so miserable .
NEG	there are certainly better things you can do with your time .
NEG	13 half-hour episodes certainly hadn't exhausted all possible situations .
POS	that's the latest scenario presented by adam sandler in the new movie big daddy , a movie that's passable but isn't really considered some of sandler's best work .
NEG	unfortunately , a bra defeats the purpose of having her in a wet tee-shirt for half of the picture .
POS	i have to admit that i was a little skeptical as to how much i could really get out of another " anti-slavery " movie .
NEG	kara then climbs into a pod which zaltar had designed for interdimensional travel and chases after the omegahedron to save her world .
POS	i mean , did we really have to see the ship's crew at a wedding ?
POS	his gangster is almost non-violent , in that he only retaliates , never instigates violence .
POS	the heist sequence is suspenseful , well paced , and casts the uneasy feeling that something will horribly go wrong .
POS	pip leaves for london with " great expectations " to be groomed into a gentleman so that he can one day be classy enough to marry estella .
POS	the third act concentrates more on walken's character , who eventually stumbles upon a small gambling operation where the game is , again , russian roulette .
POS	a night-journey through the forest , from the village to the grandmother's home , is the crux of the company of wolves .
NEG	the film's reliance on razzle-dazzle would be acceptable if we were given somebody to root for , but both simmons and his funky alter-ego are completely underdeveloped .
NEG	though credited solely to writer/director darren stein , one gets the feeling that no two scenes here were actually guided by the same hands .
POS	luke finds this obi-wan kenobi , and learns that obi-wan was a friend of luke's father , who is now dead .
NEG	pam grier has totally wasted any credibility she might have gotten from her role in quentin tarantino's " jackie brown " .
NEG	this film takes us back and forth over the east german/west german border with meier , an east german wallpaperer whose father in the west dies and leaves him a good deal of money .
POS	the opening monologue , delivered by linklater himself to a taxi driver , tosses around ideas about alternate realities that nicely set up the meandering structure of the film .
NEG	as i was watching the first half hour , i couldn't wait to see how the mystery would be unearthed , how many different perspectives he'd be given , and perhaps he'd have to make a choice between who's he has to believe .
NEG	tomaso has some twenty years to find this woman and save her and the world from doom .
POS	there isn't enough depth to pull the viewer in all the way , and many of the personalities and relationships feel half- formed , like a quilt with patches missing .
NEG	the summer of 00' wasn't a very good one for devout cinephiles .
NEG	oops , i almost forgot to mention the crappy dialogue . . . god
POS	five concentration camp survivors from the last days of world war ii tell their stories in the last days , the first documentary from steven spielberg's survivors of the shoah visual history foundation .
POS	( michael redman has written this column for so long that he's made mid-life crisis a career choice . )
NEG	critique : extremely underwhelming is the best way to describe this movie .
POS	the sparks created by the earlier movie are , by necessity , not evident here .
NEG	three writers , including carrey , worked on the slapstick story , which sends a self-styled " pet detective " on the trail of a stolen dolphin .
POS	amos gitai's fictional work , after spending most of his career doing documentaries , is a grim story about a failed hasidic marriage , even though the marriage is a loving one .
NEG	their reasonable good fun , however .
POS	i did have a few reservations about the movie though .
POS	based on the 1959 television show of the same title , " the untouchables " may be an exaggeration of the real life events that took place , but it fits together perfectly with some beautifully filmed action sequences , some excellent acting , a memorable score , and a clever script .
NEG	an examination of the religious right or comparitive morality ?
POS	the same character , the same voices , the same everything from the show and that's what makes it good .
POS	what sort of pies ?
POS	damn those trailers .
NEG	the guy was brilliant in " to wong foo , thanks for everything !
NEG	even though it features what i've since found out is one of the most expensive sequences ever in a movie - it just doesn't work at all .
NEG	yes , like the mona lisa , pamela anderson is a man-made beauty , probably in more senses than one .
NEG	wesley snipes plays a james bondish type secret agent working for the u . n . after a chinese ambassador is killed , he is on the track of the killer , trying to find out who it is , how it happened , where the killer was , and what to do .
POS	( huh ? )
NEG	what really annoyed me was maria pitillo , who actually takes the bad script and makes it worse with her acting .
POS	at first i found it extremely difficult to believe that someone as beautiful as hannah would desire grady ( maybe it's because i'm jealous , and wish holmes was throwing herself at me , after all i may just be a lowly internet critic but at least i still have all my teeth ) , then i think of douglas's real life companion , the breathtaking catherine zeta jones .
POS	if one was to be made completely hot by this film , it would probably mean they were also into the whole " auto eroticism " thing .
POS	dubs of this version are available from various video dealers on the world wide web .
NEG	i remember reading a review of full metal jacket which described the climact moment at the end of the movie , where private joker has to shoot the downed vc sniper , as " a near-pornographic eternity " .
NEG	money talks is a paint-by-numbers movie that lacks any real involvment with the audience .
POS	i was fortunate enough to attend an advance screening for the upcoming thriller conspiracy theory .
NEG	i was nine when it was released to theaters , and even then i was smart enough to inform my parents not to take me to see it .
NEG	also fun is fargo's peter stormare as the wildly over the top snuff film director .
NEG	option will be more enjoyable than the film .
POS	oz is the big jock who decides that the way to score with the girls is to listen to them and to be more sensitive .
POS	that thing focuses on the wonders , a teen rock band from erie , pennsylvania that is suddenly thrust into the national spotlight in 1964 when they score a major dance hit called , of course , " that thing you do ! "
NEG	it's undoubtedly an interesting visual , but it would have been nice if its use actually amounted to something .
NEG	for most of the rest of his career frankenheimer has turned out some decent films , but has shown little of the promise that those two thrillers showed .
NEG	because we're constantly made aware that we're watching a play or a movie , it's impossible to accept these individuals as anything more than mouthpieces for the writer's ideas .
POS	this sequence of events enables us to view the lifestyle of a normal group of men , who will be suddenly and permanently affected by the ravages and separations of war .
POS	this christmas , little ralphie parker ( peter billingsley ) wants nothing more than a red ryder bb gun under the tree .
NEG	* * * pretty good , bring a friend .
NEG	little elliott's flying bicycle , silhouetted by the moon in " e . t . "
POS	although grand new technology exists that makes the technical sequences , including several mechanical sharks , obsolete , none of it could improve the film because it only would lead to overkill .
POS	from the stab scenes to lines like " brothers don't last long in situations like this , " craven and williamson are clearly having a lot of fun with scream 2 , and the movie is enjoyable , if a little overlong ( the livelier first hour is better than the second ) .
NEG	roll film ! ! "
POS	after a party at their studly friend stifler's ( seann william scott , in the film's sharpest performance ) house leaves them sexually unsatisfied , the quartet make a pact : to " lose it " by graduation-specifically , prom night , which is only a few weeks away .
NEG	comments : " alan smithee " directed fatal charm , which should have been more appropriately titled " fatal bore " or " fatal crap " .
NEG	he's no stranger to cinematic weirdness , but this nutty nonsense really pushes the envelope .
NEG	future db character names include : janet granite , janey grainy , and for that nc-17 project in the works , jo-jo . . .
POS	as luck would have it , on that very day , he was hospitalized .
POS	the american action film has been slowly drowning to death in a sea of asian wire-fu copycats .
POS	it is then revealed that sam , kelly , and suzie were all in on it together .
NEG	in de palma's latest , he turns his attention to stanley kubrick .
POS	so something in grisham's unpublished story of a cocky savannah lawyer who gets involved in a deadly family squabble drew the attention of robert altman , who at 73 years old remains one of america's greatest living filmmakers .
NEG	the great actor james woods once said ( and i'm paraphrasing ) , " if sex isn't messy , then you're not doing it right " .
POS	the supporting cast is vast and colorful . ?
NEG	and that's precisely where this film fails .
NEG	it promises a series of exotic locales , then delivers cavernous sets and grimy matte paintings with smoggy skies .
POS	the young man who found himself in the wrong place at the wrong time is sent to prison for six years for a crime he didn't commit .
POS	an example of raimi's odd approach : a monster ( formerly protagonist ash's girlfriend of all people ) is cut in half by a chainsaw and a tidal wave of blood comes from the open wound .
NEG	" sleepy hollow " is his first attempt to actually scare people .
POS	gladiator begins with a great battle sequence between the roman army and germania , and actually is able to maintain interest during the now required " 40 minutes of exposition after a kick ass opening sequence " style of moviemaking .
NEG	the film opens with a trio of daredevil americans -- andy ( tom everett scott ) , brad ( vince vieluf ) , and chris ( phil buckman ) -- sneaking up to the top of the eiffel tower to drink wine and do a little bungee jumping .
POS	michelle pfeiffer once again plays the role of a highly-strung wife and mother , a trend that started with ? a thousand acres' and ? one fine day' .
NEG	to make things worse , another student , the hopelessly geeky fern mayo ( judy evans greer ) accidentally discovers the truth .
NEG	the trail leads to the diabolical dr . arliss loveless ( kenneth branagh ) , a man with no lower body who speaks in a dry , witty southern accent .
POS	and like i always say , noticable digital effects take me out of a movie immediately .
NEG	rubell has been written just as depthless as the rest of the characters , but myers is good enough to inject subtleties that help round out the performance .
POS	some might argue that the tone is the same , but i strongly disagree .
POS	ultimately , the allies rescue the camp .
NEG	mr . banderas is uncharacteristically non-charismatic as caesar .
NEG	as a boy , he watched his father get killed by febre ( tim roth ) , a lackey of power-hungry cardinal richelieu .
NEG	i would have been too busy laughing to notice .
NEG	this effort would be better suited to saturday morning television than the big screen , but may be ok for the real small set .
NEG	hung upside down by one foot , han recovers and battle his way out of custody in a blistering display of fight choreography and stunt work .
POS	the rain of frogs depicted in this film may be of greater scale than i had pictured for a rain of frogs .
POS	the brother and sister at the center of the tale are believable , likable kids and their parents are ? get ready for this ? intelligent , capable and loving .
NEG	it plays it safe everywhere .
NEG	gary sinise does another great job , as does cheadle , the film doesn't completely bore you as much as it just moves along slowly without anything really interesting happening , and yes , the " sand-twister " effect that you see in the commercial is well done .
POS	as the intensity of the mob closes around deputy meyers , it does so around the viewer as well .
NEG	i've just never experienced anything in my life which was so terrifying , so horrible , so monstrously deplorable that it justified being termed as " hell on earth " .
NEG	sims' 'usual' part as the downtrodden wife was taken by hattie jacques .
NEG	ultimately , as adapted by veloz , jerry stahl comes off as one of those playground braggarts who chainsmokes at the age of twelve ; you are less mystified by his self-destructive nature than bored into a stupor yourself .
NEG	that's where some outside intereference brings the film to a sudden conclusion and makes everything okay .
NEG	he follows that up with the blob the very next year , but waits another six years to do his next piece , a little film called the mask starring jim carrey , and then one more star vehicle in eraser two years after that .
NEG	while species ii is often unintentionally hilarious , at least it occasionally demonstrates a sense of humour of its own .
NEG	carrie genzel plays paris , the vr lover , but ami dolenz , as the current love interest , seems like a much more interesting and attractive character with a caring personality , which doesn't lend credence to the film's premise .
NEG	" lake placid " marks yet another entry in the series of " predator pics " that were a screen staple in the late 1970s ( post- " jaws " ) and were revived recently by the godawful " anaconda . "
POS	every now and then a movie comes along from a suspect studio , with every indication that it will be a stinker , and to everybody's surprise ( perhaps even the studio ) the film becomes a critical darling .
POS	thankfully , alda keeps ringwald's screen time to a minimum ; he is far more interested in the colorful periphery characters .
POS	yet another reminder that daily life in war torn sarajevo can never escape the horror of war .
NEG	why ?
POS	meanwhile , solid support is provided by the appealing fiona loewi and the always-reliable maury chaykin .
NEG	if only hark could have slowed things down just for a minute .
NEG	a nightmare of elm street 3 ( 7/10 ) - blair witch 2 ( 7/10 ) - the crow ( 9/10 ) - the crow : salvation ( 4/10 ) - lost highway ( 10/10 ) - memento ( 10/10 ) - the others ( 9/10 ) - stir of echoes ( 8/10 )
POS	it is anything but ; in its final hour , it turns the corner and becomes a riveting , terrifying study of its lead character , jerry black .
NEG	well , only happen in the movies .
NEG	the manipulative script has her hidden in her own dollhouse .
POS	when marshall arrives at stodge city , he soon becomes aware of the misunderstanding and due to his rather limited intellect , he is manipulated by the rumpo kid and always ends up getting things wrong .
NEG	sebastian valmont lives with his stepsister , kathryn merteuil ( sarah michelle gellar ) , the bitch-queen of the universe , and also the woman every man wants .
POS	our hero wins the hearts and minds of the cheering crowds and finds that he has an ally in commodus' sister lucilla ( connie nielsen ) .
POS	certainly different from the usual crap hollywood produces , it should be viewed by everyone .
POS	" see spot run " has a mother going out of town , leaving her son with an idiot neighbor .
NEG	" quest for camelot " is warner bros . ' first feature-length , fully-animated attempt to steal clout from disney's cartoon empire , but the mouse has no reason to be worried .
POS	the plot is simple but not simpleminded .
POS	out of all those , maybe one or two were amusing , the rest tiresome .
NEG	seriously , i'm willing to wager than there were more laughs in saving private ryan than there are here .
NEG	you should read this only after seeing the film or deciding that you will not see the film .
POS	high fidelity begins as a hipster ode to the non-committal rob , a vinyl record store owner , who opens the film by breaking down the fourth wall with much abandon and educating us in his " top 5 break ups list " .
NEG	you think there is no way he could have done it , he's so open and kind .
NEG	being invisible , gives you the opportunity to be who you are , to do what you want without being influenced by society .
NEG	wizards gives us a lot of footage of nazi tanks and airplanes , and hitler giving speeches .
POS	i would be giving away a little too much to reveal any more , but suffice it to say that lynch doesn't offer any neat wrap ? ups , nor does he put a lid on the metaphysical confusion : the cinematic demons of " lost highway " are out in full force from beginning to end .
POS	other than carlyle , who acted as the psychotic begbie in trainspotting , the rest of the actors were definitely very new to me on-screen .
POS	like the less superior idle hands , we watch ash uncontrollably hit himself over and over again until he is forced to cut off his own body part .
POS	instead , reese travels out to their lake tahoe home and lures beau out to the boat house where beau learns that his mother was right about reese .
NEG	/ rated " r " ======================
POS	it's interesting to see that this movie was one of future oscar winner susan sarandon's ( dead man walking ) first film- she plays janet , the girlfriend of brad majors .
NEG	there is .
POS	it actually uses the 1969 mets-orioles world series ( the one that featured the amazin' mets ) to great effect -- frank uses john's advance knowledge of the series outcome to convince his friends to believe him .
POS	the only thing left for her to do is walk out of the marriage , but she also fails to respond to david's loving gesture for her to stay with him , instead opting to head back to the city .
NEG	and decided to steal every scene he could for battlefield earth .
NEG	i know it's hated amongst the superman faithful who dismiss it as nothing more than a vehicle for richard pryor , but i still think it's a worthy addition to the man of steel franchise .
POS	he plays a young man named derek vinyard , a skinhead living in venice beach with his brother , danny ( edward furlong ) , mother ( beverly d'angelo ) , and sister , davin ( jennifer lien ) .
POS	maguire , as the reserved bud parker , is perfect for the pseudo-world ; but the rebellious mary sue ( witherspoon ) is not at all made for the father-knows-best times .
POS	jim , kev , oz and finch attend a high school in suburban michigan full of so many impossibly beautiful women it's no wonder they're horny all the time .
POS	as a sheriff who helps tibbs and warns him of the dangers around him , steiger shows a great amount of skill in his role .
NEG	here's a note to all film makers : films are more effective when the emotions of the characters speak for themselves .
POS	the mouse factory's latest feature is a treasure , featuring magnificent animation , a strong story and finely drawn characters .
POS	imagine all of that , and you'll get a good sense of what you can expect from " the butcher boy . "
POS	during the strange climactic event of the film we get multiple messages from the filmmaker that the event we are seeing really does happen .
NEG	the one cityscape shown is a jetsons-like gleaming metropolis , with flying cars whizzing past an obvious matte painting .
NEG	he still can't act .
NEG	stalked does not provide much suspense , though that is what it sets out to do .
POS	greg , their leader , is going out with mandy pepperidge , but since the silly bastard doesn't believe in pre-marital sex , their relationship never goes further than a quick jack-off under the stars .
NEG	one can only guess what paul verhoeven was trying to do here .
POS	essentially they are vacuumed up by the whirlwind , held aloft by updrafts , and finally dropped elsewhere .
NEG	they are unrealistic and fail to add anything to the story .
NEG	whoa - don't worry , parents .
NEG	august and september are a wasteland when it comes to children's films , and october is a dumping ground for munchkin movies the studios don't want to see slaughtered against family-oriented thanksgiving films .
NEG	it's like she's almost parodying herself in " pulp fiction " at points .
NEG	since it's rarely funny or convincingly dramatic , what the filmmakers thought they were doing remains a mystery .
NEG	that's cool , too .
NEG	the recent onslaught of film noir that has popped up in multiplexes , with everything ranging from " l . a . confidential " to " palmetto " to " the big lebowski , " has proved to be an artistic commodity for veteran , talented directors .
POS	actually , just looking into the man's eyes generally tells you a lot .
NEG	at first the movie seems to be an attempt to string along scenes with the sole purpose of out-doing the previous in how " cute " it can be .
POS	the humor is also written especially for adults , though many kids were laughing in the theater i attended .
NEG	the story opens with a rock star being murdered while in the throes of orgasm .
NEG	but i'm bored with apocalyptic settings .
POS	another movie that this has in common with is " babe " with it's talking animals and people understanding them .
POS	( aside : notting hill's portrayal of press junkets is deadly accurate . )
NEG	soon , it is a common assumption in the ghetto that jakob has a radio hidden in his home -- a crime punishable by death .
POS	amy doesn't really care if he has a handicap or not , and begins to spend time with him more and more until they finally start to fall in love .
POS	kudrow is also a hoot as crystal's wife-to-be , who's on the verge of a breakdown thanks to deniro's presence .
NEG	incidentally , can anyone please give me one good reason why esposito's character was in this movie in the first place ?
POS	michael clarke duncan is big and brutal as attar the gorilla aid to thade who blindly follows his leader until his faith is shaken .
NEG	he works with his dad taking care of the lawns of cape cod's rich and famous .
NEG	i think the final straw would be when cage returns home , devastated by everything that he's seen on this case , and then is no longer able to rake his lawn !
NEG	this , apparently , includes observing eve's reaction to " the dukes of hazzard " tv show , which she appears to enjoy .
POS	the lighting level is exceedingly low throughout the movie : it almost appears to be filmed in black and white .
NEG	the story becomes incredulous when grace decides to go to london and score with a big-time drug dealer instead of having matthew go , because she finds out nicky is pregnant and doesn't want matthew to end up in jail .
NEG	a gang of jellyfish kills one of the navy personnel .
NEG	you got a bed ! ' ) , but he's uneven when interacting with the rest of the cast .
NEG	it played with the greatest fears of our sub conscience .
NEG	if you're in a video store and thinking about renting this turkey , don't .
POS	one can not observe a star trek movie and expect to see serious science fiction .
NEG	the supporting cast consists of all wooden characters who give their roles a cartoonish flavoring : chaja's parents are given no human shades , while the janitor villain was a particularly annoying role that was one-dimensional and falsely acted .
POS	>from a western-like battle to the famous confrontation at the train station steps , the scenes are well thought out and well executed .
NEG	allen and alley are in no way convincing as tycoons , nor are they very convincing as an amish couple !
NEG	van damme plays counter-terrorist operative jack quinn , who teams up with arms dealer yaz ( rodman ) to rub out deadly gangster stavros ( mickey rourke , all beefy and weird-looking ) in an antwerp amusement park . the job is botched when stavros' son gets killed in the gunfire , and quinn is taken off to an island known as " the colony " -- a think tank for soldiers " too valuable to kill " but " too dangerous to set free . "
NEG	we want to see the goddamn butterfly ! ! !
NEG	the commentary track featuring director szwarc and project consultant bosco is a step in the right direction in the evolution of audio commentaries .
POS	the film is absolutely mesmerizing visually , thanks to the solid work done by production designer nigel phelps and cinematographer darius khondji .
POS	without giving too much away , one of the better episodes involves a gay federal alcohol , tobacco and firearms agent attempting an arrest while tripping on lsd as his bi-sexual partner is upstairs licking the armpit of a woman while her husband is in the next room seducing their traveling companion .
POS	the film starts off noticably well as amy travels up north and first meets virgil .
NEG	as for me , i'm going to watch " a fish called wanda " now and try to forget i ever saw " heartbreakers . "
POS	the cause is associated with whirlwinds .
POS	in english and french .
POS	you may wonder where this movie lost half a star .
POS	personally , i felt that de niro's absolutely gripping portrayal really was displayed in a brilliant way in these and the following scenes .
POS	i'll finish this in a second .
NEG	meanwhile , paltrow does her best to get through her dialogue without gaping at the stupidity of some of her lines , and schaech attempts a passable imitation of an inanimate object .
NEG	watching edgar read while walking along a train track on a mountain makes you wish you had something to ponder along with him .
NEG	-- sebastian valmont actually begins to fall for poor annette hargrove .
POS	but i digress .
NEG	kidnap affleck because he used to be a security guard at the casino , force him to tell you where all the doors in the place are , then dress up in santa suits , create some " diversions " and rob the place .
POS	but the film is willing to do the unexpected and that helps make the film worth sitting through .
POS	director robert zemekis must be given an equal amount of praise for overseeing the entire production , which included hundreds of animators .
POS	rennie is good , too , as the man who wants to literally try everything before he dies .
NEG	rarely can a movie work if it puts an interesting protagonist in the middle and surrounds her with hackneyed , dull , cardboard secondary characters , especially when at the core of the movie is the protagonist's various interactions with them .
NEG	error .
POS	i wouldn't be caught dead buying a ticket for chubby rain , but watching how it all came about is certainly entertaining enough .
POS	but what if the hostage-holding criminal is just as smart ?
POS	but it's us being clapped .
POS	in fact , there's very little against bulworth , except for the language which is very heavy , but then again it should be expected .
NEG	in shame and disappointment fuentes asks the student what has happened to the others .
NEG	running scenes highlight her bouncing breasts in vintage " baywatch " fashion .
POS	in this story they are not just killing machines , they have reasonable motives for what they do beyond nutrition .
POS	there's also some odd plot points : fbi guys appear and suddenly disappear for no apparent reason .
POS	this isn't an over-the-top action flick for the sake of action , this is an intelligent adventure story with a real sense of mystery to it and it works perfectly .
POS	the year is 1962 and the military is conducting nuclear testings .
NEG	the formula of the film seems to be this : billy crystal says no to deniro , deniro forces him , and much wackiness ensues .
NEG	she immediately starts testing other people to see who it might be from , and comes to the ( incorrect ) conclusion that the author of the note is a young employee played by tom everett scott .
POS	few people know this , but men in black is based on a very obscure comic book that was , while not honest-politician-rare , very hard to find .
NEG	the first forty-five minutes of screwed is harmless entertainment - a guilty pleasure that should be enjoyably bad .
NEG	louie stays at the ritz carlton before giving a concert at the hatch shell along the banks of the charles river .
NEG	well , it's like this : not for one second do you ever believe that she is not a nasty backstabbing woman !
POS	at the time of the tests i had some understanding of the reasons why this might happen ; after seeing earth , i have a much , much better understanding .
POS	but with each of them already involved with other parties , sara has john write his name and number on a $5 bill and she writes her name and number on a copy of love in the time of cholera .
NEG	a david wilcock review ? 1998
NEG	the problem is , after the critical and certain box office failure of _54_ , the subject may have run its hollywood course .
POS	" . . i said no food .
NEG	he's one of the best living actors !
NEG	" independence day " is like that kid who come out of nowhere and makes everybody happy at once ( except for a couple kids - the critics , in this situation ) .
POS	both of these scenes were cut from the script , but ended up in 1984's indiana jones and the temple of doom .
NEG	on the team with him are beth halperin ( sharon stone ) , a biochemist who was once his student and lover ; harry adams ( samuel l . jackson ) , a mathematician who earned his first doctorate at the age of 18 ; ted fielding ( liev schreiber ) , an astrophysicist who is awed by the opportunity to explore alien technology ; and harold barnes ( peter coyote ) , the government operative in charge of the mission .
NEG	soon , her tiny shorts are soaked and tells the other girl to take a hike , enabling her to come into his house .
NEG	the characters and acting is nothing spectacular , sometimes even bordering on wooden .
NEG	ben kingsley ? "
POS	other great performances are turned in by the rest of the supporting cast .
POS	perhaps the best moment is when he sings a song for julia that he claims is a little uneven because he began writing it while in a good mood and finished it after his fianc ? e abandoned him .
NEG	adam sandler basically plays the same role he has in his last few films ( except the wedding singer . )
NEG	my advice to adam is to try and follow in the footsteps of veteran comedians like williams and steve martin , who made a very smooth and successful transition from stage to screen .
NEG	ya know , the diamond possessing girl who hangs out in the sky ?
NEG	mcfarlane created a hero who was not only original but visually intricate , allowing mcfarlane to utilize his knack for artistic detail to the max .
POS	pat carrol is deliciously villainous and vampy as the evil sea-witch ursula , while kenneth mars' booming voice conveys the stern yet affectionate authority of ariel's father , king triton .
POS	he is a prisoner and a slave to it .
NEG	because he's done it again .
NEG	yellowstone has a problem .
POS	it's unfortunate that the language gets somewhat out of hand .
NEG	instead of cute and huggable as lucas no doubt intended .
NEG	it's a perfect example of what my wife calls an s . f . e .
NEG	henstridge keeps her top on ( miraculously ) , and 2 . the film doesn't pretend to be anything it's not .
NEG	get it ?
POS	when annie's eldest son is involved in a fight at school , she meets the nice-guy school principal , wayne collins ( greg kinnear ) , whom she finds herself attracted to .
POS	the film chronicles her rise to power as she fights for a unified church of england and tries to bring order to her personal and political life .
NEG	desperate to make his dream come through , ray goes to a loanshark , humorously and menacingly played by james e . moriarty , and borrows 10 grand to bet on a " sure thing " at freehold raceway .
POS	the rest of the sequence is particularly clever , setting up a constant throughout the picture : the killer has a high-tech electronic voice-changer that tops that of the first two .
NEG	this is a live-action road runner cartoon , moving so quickly that it's over before you can catch your breath to ask any reasonable questions .
POS	sure , there've been moments of sweetness in his prior films -- the affectionate exchanges between the bruce willis and maria de madeiros characters in pulp fiction and the unflagging dedication shared by the characters of tim roth and amanda plummer , or even in reservoir dogs , where a deep , unspoken bond develops between the harvey keitel and tim roth characters -- but for the most part , mr . tarantino's films are typified by manic energy , unexpected outbursts of violence , and clever , often wordy , banter .
POS	" tell me about your life , son " -- excuse me while i mist up .
POS	lowe can stand up to foster and it showed in that scene at the cabinet table .
POS	a man holds a woman , a diplomat's daughter , hostage in his embrace , a gun pressed to her head .
POS	part of his monologue is overlaid with a visual enactment of the story ( with sir john gielgud and judi dench ) , but this is most unfortunate , for it robs heston of some of the attention which he deserves at this time .
POS	award or no , however , when even the dog puts in a good performance , you know you've got an outstanding movie .
NEG	seagal's idea of a disguise is a long-length $1000 leather jacket .
POS	consequently , stephane becomes a precision craftsmen with the instrument and no longer plays .
NEG	is it really necessary to say anything about the plot ?
NEG	with a combination of no tension , drama , or decent characters , a perfect murder is a failure all round , and an incredible disappointment .
POS	the fact he takes himself out of the game and works a steady job after dropping $30 , 000 on a single hand ) .
NEG	watching her delivering lines was the funniest part of this flick- but it wasn't supposed to be ) and michael douglas' cool " regular guy " part , there would be little reason to remain seated until the end of this picture .
POS	like the foster mother , sean knows that time and quiet patience is the only approach .
POS	his small , mobile party , the congolese national movement ( mnc ) is gaining prominence and patrice leaves his clerical job to sell beer , and get his face known , in the bustling capital , stanleyville .
NEG	the jellyfish kill queen latifa ( in a throw-away role ) and the squid nearly destroys the outpost , but the bites of the fatal snakes have no effect .
NEG	whatever uniqueness the original might've had now seems trite and overplayed when paired with this abominable thriller .
POS	the father of sally's unborn child also happened to be a married man , whose wife is played by catherine o'hara .
POS	the rest of the techs are of the same high quality .
POS	it is so clever that one wonders if mamet really thinks up all these ideas himself or if he has help from professional magician and con expert ricky jay , now a regular actor in mamet films .
NEG	the character of al simmons seems to be longing for a drastic change , as if he's fatigued about being normal .
POS	magruder , perhaps influenced by mallory's decision to strip off her wet clothes in front of him , is sympathetic to her plight , and offers to help her get her father committed - right after he sleeps with her , of course .
POS	however , antz and that 1997 film were both in production around the same time , so the similarities are merely coincidence .
NEG	my son jeffrey , age 8 , said he thought the movie was good and really funny , but recommends you not choose it if you want an action movie .
NEG	lengthy and lousy are two words to describe the boring drama the english patient .
POS	if you survive the first third of " the green mile " sit back and enjoy the remainder for some priceless entertainment .
POS	copycat is a good thriller .
POS	yet for all the light , frothy charms of that thing you do ! , it's nearly nice to a fault .
POS	jinn can feel that skywalker has a great natural power in the force , and through another sub-plot involving a bet on skywalker in a fantastic race he will enter , more and more details of his significance begin to reveal themselves .
NEG	( even with that little information , you can probably already guess what the killer's relationship to sidney is ) .
POS	pure action movie poetry .
POS	against his better judgment , max agrees .
NEG	the second pairs a hitch- hiker ( jared leto ) with a friendly former railroad worker ( danny glover ) .
NEG	it has as much emotion as his earlier statement " humans are the only animal that kills members of its own species " contains truth .
POS	all women are there to be ogled .
NEG	most of the time it seems downright misogynistic , as when larroquette uses his telescope to peer into the women's showers or murray lifts a female m . p .
POS	not every film has to change your life , and it's nice to see a movie that uses the art to tell a great story and simply to entertain its viewers .
NEG	salma hayek gave up a successful career as a major television star in latin america and moved to the united states to start over , even though she spoke no english .
NEG	the movie is set in paris where its hero , struggling american author david mirkine ( judd nelson , at the time specialised in playing losers and people at the edge of sanity ) suffers a terrible writers bloc .
NEG	he even throws in some of the worst of film clich ? s - the slowly advancing fireball , the villain who comes back from the dead , etc , etc . - and tops the whole thing off with one of the most ridiculous endings of the year ( you'll be screaming " nooooo ! "
NEG	no , the source of potential sleeplessness here lies within the movie's brutally squandered potential , the least of which is an admittedly nifty premise - even by tired serial killer genre standards .
NEG	a carry on by the numbers , this movie is only notable for the great performance by sid james in his last carry on movie .
POS	they are very convincing , not only to the characters in the movie , but to us .
POS	the sets are quite incredible , which are reminiscient of the nostromo from alien .
NEG	however , sole acting honours go to hattie jacques as beattie plummer .
POS	but that is far from apparent as everyone takes control of their part .
POS	woody harrelson has a brief , but memorable part as the overmedicated " hero " of the albanian conflict .
POS	then we get clooney doing heroics in and out of a helicopter .
POS	the only drawback to the film is the ending , which unfortunately i must reveal .
POS	equally adequate is christina ricci , who plays the love interest in the film .
NEG	the dogs upstage them both , of course , but in the case of evans , even close's split ends are more animated .
NEG	it's about a critically successful writer husband , alec ( pryce ) , who is so self-absorbed that he's threatened by his department store floor-walking model wife , kate ( bouquet ) , who wants to be a writer .
POS	we know obi-wan `ben' kenobi was the trainer of anakin in the ways of `the force' in attempts to become a jedi knight , but would fail and thus anakin would fall to the `dark side . '
POS	i won't say how , but it leads us to believe a few new things about the alien and its cycle , which i am sure will be explored in alien 4 .
POS	in falling down , michael douglas' d-fens ( the character's personalized license plate , echoed in gridlock'd by the drug lord d-reper's plates ) whips out a gun because he can't get breakfast at mcdonald's ; in gridlock'd , spoon and stretch are unarmed against the demands placed on them before they can get into a rehab center .
POS	but , as the film's tagline says , `last night , one of us went off . '
NEG	he manages to overcome crisis after beginning romantic relationship with beautiful model anabelle ( laurence treill ) .
POS	he is torn by the inner turmoil of not going to the police about the murder he witnessed and isabelle comforts him just as a sister would .
POS	contact is the 1997 movie i've seen the most - five times to be exact .
POS	and what kind of violence could be more efficient than a global thermo-nuclear war ?
NEG	isn't that a memorable name ?
NEG	ultimately , 8mm is probably worth renting on home video , unless your desperate to see what the snuff film within the film looks like .
POS	craig t . nelson , as the opposition candidate , and the ever-reliable william h . macy , as a wacky cia agent , are given surprisingly short shrift .
NEG	kevin must somehow confront milton and thwart whatever diabolical plan he has in store .
POS	you begin to appreciate the food as not merely something you eat , not something you like , not something you enjoy , but rather something you experience .
POS	but he is the only person that is not aware of it .
POS	director jerry zucker ( " airplane , " " ghost " ) leaps from racer to racer , periodically returning to las vegas where sinclair and mr . grisham ( dave thomas ) , his personality-impaired right hand man , continue cooking up bizarre bets for the gamblers .
POS	thanks to cleverly construed editing by arthur coburn and bob murawski , and the successful use of different eerie sounds effects and a very good music score by christopher young , the movie not only achieves a scary undercurrent , but one that is filled with dread .
NEG	possibly it's the absence of screenwriter kevin williamson , who penned the first two , or maybe it's that the hip ironic stance eventually consumes itself and a series that parodies film cliches eventually becomes a cliche .
NEG	it's just a bunch of old tricks that rarely work .
NEG	coupled with the copious amounts of scantily clad coeds running around , and the introduction of a little exploitation into the proceedings should be a relatively easy task .
POS	the sometimes-understated , sometimes-blaring score is crisp and clear , and always right on the mark , enhancing the moods created by the animated scenery .
NEG	so when miramax started production on _54_ last year , the buzz of hype and resulting anticipation began : an edgy film as down-and-dirty as the club itself , written and directed by a promising first-timer ( mark christopher ) and starring some hot young talent ( salma hayek , neve campbell , newcomer ryan phillippe , and mike myers in his dramatic debut ) .
NEG	we learn some bloody trivia , as well , such as how a sea monster spraypaints in red ( it drinks a human being then spits out the liquefied remains ) and what it does with half-digested leftovers .
POS	doubtfire's charms that neither daniel nor miranda is perfect , just people trying to be better .
POS	but as i said above , the love portion isn't sappy and doesn't " weigh the film down " , as some critics have said .
NEG	there's bound to be a " scream 4 " someday , even if it starts over with a new set of movie-star wannabes .
POS	another irritating thing is the product placement .
NEG	was there something about a limping robot shaped like a fighter pilot ?
POS	the adventures z and bala get into are surprisingly high in tension , especially one involving a magnifying glass .
NEG	backing up , the married couple is brad and caroline sexton ( allen and alley ) , a popular snobby duo who seem totally in love to everyone else , but in reality are on the brink of divorce .
POS	however , thing most associated with this film is couple of continuos shots that feature characters moving through large rooms and interacting with dozens if not hundreds of people .
POS	michael biehn gives a very nice performance in the most obligatory role of the film .
NEG	for the first hour , we get to know these people through everyday activities , as they talk on the phone , go out to dinner , hang clothes on the line .
NEG	her luck changes when a local tv producer cliff ( mark feurerstein ) gets a whiff of her cooking and storms into her cooking class as if were in a spell and presents her with her own live tv cooking show .
POS	and every christmas , there is a contest on which is the most beautiful painting of the year ; the winner getting a lot of money .
NEG	basically the plot is straight from a b-movie from the 50s : aliens come to earth and we wonder if they're hostile or peaceful .
POS	, low +2 ( -4 to +4 )
NEG	i secretly wished for him to get filleted .
NEG	i can see the scene on the set right now .
POS	and in my opinion this film achieves an entertainment level in film that is so terrific , it may be impossible to beat .
POS	alas , the times are a-changin' .
NEG	it's just dreary and unwatchable . . . a
POS	he replies something like : " the church is flooded but at least the floodwaters put out the big fire .
NEG	every now and again " knock off " will deliver some truly ingenious directorial flourishes--inventive camera shots and angles , wild rides down gun silencers and from the tops of buildings to the sprawling street below , revealing cut-ins within the frame--but they all happen too quickly , and within such a furious frame of reference , that they're wasted .
POS	the effects are so stunningly realistic , you would swear you were looking at actual footage .
NEG	this is far from a harmless event , a bad start to an already shaky morality tale .
POS	from this point we know capone is evil , not only because he kills without hesitation , but also because he is a lying bastard .
NEG	kevin kline is a graduate of the juilliard school of drama , and has been married to the cute-as-a-button actress phoebe cates since 1989 .
POS	there is stuff in here that is completely gross in the same manner that `there's something about mary' was gloriously ribald .
NEG	finally , the acting .
NEG	it contains the film in standard form ( aspect ratio of 1 . 33 : 1 ) , although some moments of stock footage are letterboxed .
NEG	he accepts .
NEG	if you like light-hearted action flicks , or if you liked the game , watch this one .
NEG	the legend of 1900s is the year's most absurd movie , a rambling , nonsensical piece of seafaring garbage that goes nowhere fast .
NEG	and in what has to be one of the most flabbergastingly inept scenes that has graced this country , kevin bacon's member makes a cameo appearance with ten minutes to go .
NEG	feeling minnesota tells the story of a topless dancer named freddie ( cameron diaz ) who finds herself in deep trouble when her boss red ( delroy lindo ) suspects her of stealing from him .
POS	i didn't say there was nothing to eat . . . "
POS	technically , the plot isn't unlike many children's sitcoms in which the " good " kid's " bad " friend gets the good kid in trouble and yet the good kid remains friends with the bad kid .
NEG	curiously , the menu screens on this dvd look nothing like the menu screens pictured on the back of the case .
NEG	there are two things the american film industry should avoid at all costs .
NEG	i want more zany here -- and -- here . "
POS	and larry cohen's original gangstas ( where she first teamed up with mr . forster . )
POS	the muppet movie tells the story of how our hero , kermit the frog , came to be a star .
POS	steven spielberg's " amistad , " which is based on the true story of a group of africans who revolted on board a slave ship , then were captured and taken to america where a legal dispute ensued over who " owned " them , is concerned with several different aspects of this story .
POS	the performances by veterans and new comers to back up these original characters are superb .
NEG	only myers , by sheer force of talent , manages to rise above christopher's wading-pool of a script .
POS	or could it be the fame-hungry local journalist ( leto ) looking for a meaty story to put on his resume ?
POS	add the requisite love interest and a wise-cracking sidekick or two , pep up the soundtrack with a handful of strategically placed show tunes ( an introspective number by a pool or looking in a mirror , a rousing anthem , a cutesy , montage-backed crowd pleaser ) , pose a few threats to our engaging lead , and tie things all up neatly by the closing credits .
NEG	nasa has set its sights for mars .
POS	they're more realistic , and instead of bone crunching , we hear the sound of the gloves hitting eachother , which is slightly unerving at times .
POS	they did not appear to be conversing in the previous films .
NEG	indeed , walt disney is rolling over in his grave again , cursing john hughes' name for making the original live-action 101 dalmatians , one of the worst kiddie flicks of all time , and now its sequel .
NEG	" the man from hollywood " is his big mistake and let's hope he doesn't return her continuously .
POS	twister was good but had no real plot and no one to simpithize with .
NEG	finally , just one word : monsters .
NEG	but what starts off as a promising john grisham-like story about conscience-stricken lawyers takes an abrupt detour as supernatural forces begin to tinker with the story .
NEG	we also know that fire doors on cruise ships can be cut apart in seconds .
POS	the first " download into simulation " is impressive .
NEG	this is what made the original so fun , but unfortunately for the sequel , we are without the frenetic directorial style of paul anderson .
POS	but most importantly , i found myself caring about what would happen to the characters .
POS	also involved is ordell's " surfer girl " girlfriend melanie ( bridget fonda ) , a ditzy sun- bleached babe who spends her time watching tv with a bong in hand .
NEG	one bad character name is more than enough .
NEG	however , if gal says " no " don will do whatever it takes to turn it into a yes including threatening guy's ex-porn- star wife deedee ( amanda redman ) .
NEG	fight scenes are well-choreographed , highlighted by terrific acrobatics and agility .
NEG	three guys in front of us smuggled beer into the the theater .
NEG	and there's other . . .
NEG	speed 2 could do without dialogues .
POS	one of the best things about the movies is that they can make you really start to wonder and analyze things in your own , everyday life that you might not have thought much of otherwise .
NEG	he meets a slinky young woman ( joan chen ) and has a torrid night of lovemaking with her -- and then manages to witness her death at the hands of an evil ninja clan and their leader ( john lone ) .
POS	the film is basically a stage play .
NEG	she is not a good person and they take over two hours to explain that the audience should think that she is .
NEG	the film has no social message like its predecessors .
POS	not too shabby .
NEG	sleep in .
POS	was it the glamorous , sophisticated feel ?
NEG	he calls himself troy larson , making him the supposed son of a man kaela once had a relationship with .
POS	now wait wait , i know most of you loved it , and i'm not saying i didn't like it .
POS	expand the final fifteen minutes of home alone into a feature-length film and you've got baby's day out--an agreeably amusing children's comedy about a bumbling band of kid kidnappers who are unwittingly outwitted by an innocent infant .
NEG	for those of us who haven't read the james lee burke novel that heaven's prisoners is based on , do not rabidly go out and buy tickets to movies featuring the combined talents of alec baldwin and eric roberts , feel vaguely depressed by the notion of swamps , gangsters with louisiana accents , plots , sub-plots , more plots , and well , really just want to see teri hatcher naked , this is one movie you're going to worry the price of admission over .
POS	the characters are so well drawn and so well acted that we want to see more of them , listen to them talk in that wised-up mamet dialogue , get to know them better -- which we don't .
NEG	be sure to bring along your ebonics to english dictionary as well .
POS	by now , dear reader , you've probably heard a lot about rhys ifans' performance as william's imbecilic welsh flatmate .
NEG	couple things .
POS	ang lee as the director , co-producer and mastermind of the project gets the lion share of the credit .
NEG	while this may be of interest to his hard core fans , there's little about green's mania on display here to recommend this movie to anyone else .
NEG	had they looked out the window they wouldn't have missed the huge ship racing toward them .
POS	one girl waltzes through , wearing a red dress that stings the eyes .
POS	we had an ape and an elephant yet ?
POS	it's bleak and it's black but it's fundamentally very funny .
NEG	the twist makes sense--and helps paint a complete picture of finney's character--but the trip to get there betrays the light , airy atmosphere of what had come before .
POS	first , we might notice unusual structure of the plot - relatively minor subplot is used as movie's ironic prologue .
NEG	this uneasy feeling is readily apparent , for example , whenever you hear lord rayden speak .
NEG	and does he think dying his hair bottle blond makes him fit in in a public place ?
NEG	unfortunately , he's not onscreen enough .
POS	i was still good none the less .
POS	how about " diamonds are a girl's best friend " spiced with portions of " material girl ? "
NEG	in the midst of this murderous frenzy , there's spader's psychologist , played by marisa tomei , who is even less convincing as a medical professional than jennifer lopez in " the cell . "
POS	still , most of the movie is original and very enjoyable , and beatty deserves most of credit for bringing it to the screen .
POS	as a rejected father , he initiates a custody battle that seems hopeless .
POS	when 17 year old beau hall ( jonathan tucker , " the virgin suicides " ) gets in a car accident after drinking with his 30 year old companion , club owner darby reese ( josh lucas , " session 9 " ) , his mom , margaret ( tilda swinton , " the war zone " ) pays reese a visit to convince him to leave her son alone .
POS	he feels so good afterwards that he actually eats something .
POS	the public-domain characters made into icons in various disney films take their hits ? pinocchio is referred to as a " possessed toy " and when shrek spies a sleeping snow white in his cabin , he bellows , " get that dead broad off the table ! "
NEG	it's a ripoff .
POS	she starts us off with a nifty little car chase as an appetizer .
POS	but the point is to get the two together , and their newfound affection causes complications for both , but mostly robin , who came to the islands on a vacation with her fiance frank ( david schwimmer ) , who frantically awaits her return on the home island .
POS	see contact with your family .
NEG	enter jjaks ( keanu reeves ) , sam's estranged younger brother , who arrives at the wedding just in time to catch freddie's eye and have sex with her in the bathroom .
NEG	titanic proved that there can be a wealth of drama in a movie where everything goes under water .
POS	there is not a single moment in the film in which i felt was slow at all .
POS	based on the wildly popular comedy central tv show , south park stars cartman , an overweight , foul-mouthed kid , with attitude , and a sweet side .
NEG	it has the audacity to justify murder and mayhem in the name of sustaining our way of life .
NEG	she was underused last year in both event horizon and breakdown , but at least in those films she had moments in which she could show us her stuff .
NEG	maybe , in a way , he's lucky for that .
NEG	is it the actors ?
NEG	after a lifetime of movie-going , and about four years of attending the seattle international film festival , i've learned several rules which , while not absolute , should certainly be given deference to :
POS	while some have said that the anti-war message and pro-nature tubthumping was juvenile , it was done with so much complexity and thought , that it cannot ever honestly be called childish .
POS	sometimes he will tell a story that really moves .
POS	the lion king had just cracked $300 million domestic in gross to become one of the most profitable ventures in film history , continuing to build on a sturdy base left by prior flicks aladdin and beauty and the beast .
POS	at first stuart takes a while but he finally adjusts to being part of the family and even getting along with the pet cat .
POS	i didn't always feel this sedated . "
POS	this is definitely a huge cast with some high-profile names , and it will definitely help it's grosses .
NEG	frankly , it's embarrassing to watch a respected actress of lange's stature give a performance like this -- it's like a bad blanche dubois ( the role she played in a 1995 tv version of a streetcar named desire ) .
NEG	meanwhile , a group of white , chain-smoking , gun-toting nsa agents in sunglasses and business suits tries to kill all the other characters in the movie .
NEG	you'll figure it out .
POS	crystal is his most likeable in years , kudrow is given as little screen time as possible , which is a good thing , and de niro is just awesome .
POS	i give her kudos for attempting such a contradictory role , but instead of being likeable , she comes across as rather robotic , and as such it's hard to see why cusack's character would be so obsessed with her especially when he has a beautiful , intelligent writer ( natasha gregson wagner ) potentially waiting in the wings .
POS	little kids shouldn't see this , as they may just try and copy it .
POS	i appreciate a film that makes me have to think to keep up .
NEG	the early wave of this revival , while just as cheesy and laughable , at least knew to include thrills every five to ten minutes .
NEG	your second clue that something isn't gonna be quite right with the movie you're about to see : charlize theron , one of the movie's dubious stars , makes an appearance on the daily show in which , when asked if her new movie's any good , she replies with the equivalent of a verbal sigh . . .
NEG	his partner bo derek , on the other hand , shows that she didn't age enough to cease being the sex goddess , but that is small compensation for her apparent lack of acting talents .
POS	the script makes many points about society in america today , and isn't afraid to make any bold statements about what is a flawed system .
POS	one of the most startling images is of a beautiful woman with large scars on her face : she says she needs the photo to look " as bad as possible " to collect insurance money , yet the short scene leaves you wondering about what untold story lies behind the scars .
NEG	the several scenes set in hell present a devil that looks and acts like a video game graphic -- with the movie's healthy budget you'd think they could have afforded to make his mouth move when he talks .
POS	a team including alexander payne and jim taylor known for election writes the screenplay .
NEG	i can just envision kruger laughing behind his keyboard , " oh you thought my movie was gonna go here , f * ck you jack ass , take that twist , decipher this mother f * cker ! "
NEG	but to add to the excitement , as i mentioned earlier , there are endless car chase scenes .
POS	what surprises me the most about scream 2 is its zealousness in decimating its cast .
NEG	" jawbreaker " runs approximately 90 minutes , though it feels longer than " titanic " , and is rated r for language , sexual situations and graphic violence .
POS	naturally , there's nothing like a life-threatening crisis to bring two people together , and quinn and robin's warmup to each other is sped up even further by the arrival of some bloodthirsty pirates .
NEG	why is it that any " serious " ( a better word would be adult or at least thoughtful ) examination of sex in a movie almost always winds up producing a movie that's unwatchably boring ?
NEG	an awfully big adventure ========================
POS	go see it while you still can , for as i mentioned , it might not be a big bow-wow at the box office for a long time .
NEG	tsui picks up where he left off visually in _double_team_ , juicing up the proceedings with inventive camera work .
NEG	basically , we don't like these ego-driven , stereotypical characters , let alone root for them to unwind their romantic entanglements , and joe roth's direction is predictable , formulaic and telegraphic .
POS	finch is the phobic hermit who doesn't stand a chance with any girl .
POS	hunky without looking like the product of a hollywood design team , the young man can really act ; we will see a lot of this guy in the future .
POS	the ice storm is being hailed by many as one of the best films of the year .
NEG	but i'll begin from the beginning .
NEG	then there is a scene that shows john robinson checking one of his controls on a chair that rises about fifteen feet on a pole .
POS	men wears the guise of a black comedy , but it functions best as allegory .
POS	the opening scene shows him shoving a little dog down the trash chute of his manhattan condominium .
POS	i am not sure why berardinelli says , " at times it becomes difficult to determine whether stephane should be pitied or vilified , and it is to auteuil's credit that he manages to maintain this uncertainty . "
POS	vignettes aren't memorable because of the characters only ; fellini uses camera , painting film in bright colours , especially in the scenes that depict character's fantasies .
POS	on one level , return of the jedi is almost worth watching for the special effects .
NEG	a year later , gojira was marketed to the united states by adding three things : a new name , a dubbed english track , and raymond burr .
NEG	supergirl is definitely a terrific dvd package , but a very lousy movie .
POS	hanks proves to be a capable writer-director , deftly recreating the innocent spirit of 1964 , which hanks calls " the last innocent year . "
POS	the first hour is mostly just a build-up of things to come , and does offer a great characterization of the jackal , but the second hour is the one that really cranks in the cool scenes and a sweet ending .
POS	hopefully , children will learn that killing ants is rather cruel .
POS	the project they're busy with is the wedding quilt for hy's granddaughter , finn ( winona ryder ) , who has just become engaged .
POS	south carolina senator john c . calhoun ( arliss howard ) pursues the case for the political advancement of the southern states .
NEG	dangerous liaisons is a great movie because the characters are all believable , and because of its masterful acting .
NEG	in fact the 100m dollar budget is at least 30m over , and easily could have had a 70m budget .
POS	it seems that he kept a safety deposit box key on the ring , and the box apparently contains some incriminating evidence .
NEG	nobody ever figures out what to do with the big gorilla .
NEG	the most interesting aspect of her performance is watching her pouty lips threaten to take over the screen .
POS	could this amateur be " the one " as fisburne thinks he is ?
POS	the story is a no-brainer -- ford stars as gruff but loveable island aviator quinn harris , while heche is career-minded but loveable new york magazine editor robin monroe .
POS	it is here that we meet all of the core characters .
NEG	more screen time could have been used for character interaction and development .
NEG	( i'd put my pants on in two seconds after that ! )
POS	grant stars as william thacker , a travel-bookstore owner who works and resides in a tiny english district called notting hill .
POS	his brother , michael ( thomas bo larsen ) , drives by , pulls over , greets him , then kicks his family out of the car , forcing them to walk to the estate , just so christian can be comfortable .
NEG	you can tell mcnaughton knew he had nothing to lose assigning murray to this role .
NEG	it's an easy enough premise , but unfortunately ( very unfortunately ) , the writers try to do too much with the movie .
POS	the key is simplicity .
NEG	and hyam's use of candles and torches to light the grime and filth of 17th century paris are well-noted , but that's the only standout in an overall flat production .
NEG	i'm gonna put all the plot in one paragraph : mr . freeze ( ah-nold ) , who's wife was dying of some disease , has become the new big villain these days .
POS	it is the kind of plot with which you are never sure who will double-cross whom , and frequently it is mamet double-crossing the viewer .
NEG	as a result , for pinkett smith's first opportunity atop the marquee , she is stuck in a stupid , formulaic romantic comedy with the unpromising title of woo .
NEG	fuentes believe the students to be up there doing humanitarian service .
POS	blade is the movie that shows that wesley snipes really can live up to his potential as one of hollywood's premier leading men .
POS	however , as the plot begins to progress , the film turns into pure perfection with outstanding performances and wonderful direction .
NEG	morgan freeman and minnie driver both attempt to give legitimate performances , but they are defeated by the script .
NEG	how obvious is it that he's gonna cheat on her and have to fess everything up ?
POS	because his change of heart ( bartleby is initially the good cop to loki's bad ) drives the climax , said rant is given a great deal of screen time .
POS	he's in " there's something about mary , " which i * still * haven't seen .
NEG	there are other differences as well , such as a lack of important female characters and the passing over of the original pharoah's death like it's nothing but a thing .
POS	well , an unemployed comedian , one of hollywood's little fish , and it has gotten so bad he's asked for an application at starbuck's .
POS	phoenix looks like the very embodiment of gen-x slackerhood ( as envisioned by tabloid tv , of course ) .
POS	as the film progresses we see her become increasingly frail and sick .
NEG	not so fast .
POS	the rest of the cast is equally magnificent , including : james woods , j . t . walsh , paul sorvino , ed harris and bob hoskins .
NEG	it's definately not a koontz book if there isn't ( 1 ) a psychic , ( 2 ) a super-intelligent dog , or ( 3 ) a psychotic killer who likes ripping out people's eyeballs .
NEG	they do not possess a germ of tactical intelligence or even common sense .
NEG	even the best comic actor is at the mercy of his or her material , as this subpar submarine comedy proves .
POS	sure it's over-the-top , but it is so over-the-top that it is laugh out loud funny ; just try watching ash with a straight face as he unexpectedly is showered with ten gallons of blood , staining his face and knocking him back a few feet .
POS	this scene is so delicate and sweet , but cappie still has a girlfriend , preventing either one from acting on their desires .
POS	beatty plays incumbent democratic senator jay billington bulworth ; the film opens and we see bulworth sobbing as he watches his television spots over and over again . ?
NEG	in lost in space , the rebels are the bad guys , a terrorist force that must be killed , crushed and silenced so that our children may live free .
NEG	we want to have something exciting to watch , not a slow build-up of a story ( god forbid ! ) , and this film plays right into the mainstream's hands . . . "
POS	besides the near ending , the only other criticism of the movie which i have is that the movie is almost too cerebral .
POS	and , you know what , mighty joe young doesn't qualify .
POS	( john wayne bobbitt should probably steer clear of this one . )
NEG	liu is just . . .
NEG	things get out of hand , and the teacher gets knocked unconscious in a tussle .
NEG	while the performances are intriguing , especially by newcomer carla gugino as a sexy 'number cruncher' wrapped up in the case , there's no way of altering the fact that snake eyes is a terminal case of style of substance , and unless you're a big fan of either cage or flash directing , should be avoided .
NEG	ugh .
NEG	i say presumably simply because we never know what happened to them ; and it seems a tad strange that an entire town ( with the exception of some folk who get introduced along the way ) can vanish before the flood has actually started .
POS	the relationship is instantly credible because they find the human truth behind the high concept : how would one react to being able to communicate with a dead relative , or with a future descendant ?
NEG	" i don't have that kind of time . "
NEG	he appears to have some fun with the film , especially as the evil gadget .
POS	both performers have acted in little more than their series , however , though i think they'll both get their chances to prove themselves very soon .
NEG	the stunned protagonist asks , suddenly realizing that the character was in on the whole thing all along .
NEG	this sounds stupid , i know , but in the movie it starts to make some kind of weird , off-the-wall sense , and it worked for me .
NEG	she does not know who the woman is .
NEG	the most depressing aspect of the film is that it had potential .
NEG	instead of exploring this timely matter in a way relating to the current tv craze ( since the film does largely appear to be a satire of television , albeit one that would feel more appropriate in the '80s than the '00s ) , the film simply uses betty's delusions as a plot device to get her from point a to b . no progress is made and little is unearthed except that maybe labute could use a bit of rest and a lot of contemplation .
NEG	do we really need to see it over and over again ?
NEG	i can't think of another recent film which has had such an eclectic cast .
NEG	when she wakes , she rushes off to school , without showering , without noticing that her head , lying on her stamped hand all night , has transferred part of the stamp's image to her forehead , spelling " loser " .
POS	michelle yeoh imbues her character with depth , humanity and wisdom .
POS	when han solo goes light speed , the stars change to bright lines , going towards the viewer in lines that converge at an invisible point .
NEG	on the basis of his first two cds ( " they're all gonna laugh at you ! "
NEG	once they have won an order to manufacture 1000 bidets in two months and charles coote ( charles hawtrey ) has designed a suitable model , the factory employees set to work but are interrupted by union representative vic spanner ( kenneth cope ) and friend bernie hulke ( bernard bresslaw ) who call them out on strikes on the slightest pretext .
POS	instead , they even help contribute to the idea that tampopo's goal of being able to serve exceptional food is worthy and even noble .
POS	in the supporting roles , liam cunningham is a wonderfully flawed teacher , exposing all his bad parts , but ultimately being a pretty good person ; and rachel griffiths is wonderfully immature as jude's wife , whom he never divorces .
NEG	who would you guess wins ?
NEG	the film uses flashbacks and video cameras to bring the mystery together .
POS	we know just as little as he does as to why his wife was killed , so as he learns more so do we .
POS	determined to make a dent in the space race , he becomes transfixed with his desire to make a rocket that could fly like the best of them .
NEG	finally , a full hour into the film , the war finally starts and we meet the enemy .
POS	so , " meet joe black " is a good movie hampered by it's ridiculous running time .
POS	jarvis cocker of pulp once said that he wrote common people after noticing mike leigh box-sets on the video shelves -- he had a feeling that economic deprivation was becoming a tourist experience for the well-off .
NEG	but director barry sonnenfeld did something to this film that ruined its plot : he made the film drag and also put in unncessary elements in it that are found in romance films .
NEG	what's funny is that the peripheral characters in the hunted are not sterotypes -- there's a nice little scene with a tokyo cabdriver , and a girl in a pachinko parlor -- but many of the main characters are unsalveageably hateful .
POS	there's one moment when zero briefly connects to the world which he has managed to detach from for many years , and it is shockingly moving . . . expressing a seriousness that heretofore was unassociated with the character , but one which fits in well .
POS	no . . . okay ,
POS	for the uninitiated , newcomers aaron eckhart and matt malloy play chad and howard , two corporate drones who are dispatched by their nameless company to a remote branch office for a six week assignment .
NEG	" r " .
POS	interior scenes are similarly graced with intricate and flamboyant rooms and chambers .
POS	none of the action sequences in mr . nice guy are as spectacular as supercop's thrilling helicopter-train finale or rumble in the bronx's daring leap between two buildings ; nor is anything as inventive as the ladder fight or air tunnel climax in first strike and operation condor , respectively .
NEG	the lovers in the film are miles apart throughout-erase all thoughts of nude sketching or car-sex and replace them with obligatory shots of liv tyler tearing up while ben affleck dicks around in a moon-crawler .
NEG	finally , the ending credits contain outtakes of the movie , which have some of the genuineness and spontaneity that the movie badly lacked .
NEG	it has nothing new to offer , it has a script that could easily have been bettered by the people who write comic books for dc , and it spent more money than the national budget of a small nation .
POS	landlord baltus von tassel ( michael gambon ) explains to crane that the heads have been severed from the carcass and mysteriously taken in each separate case , and that they believe the murderer is a dead hessian trooper ( played briefly by a wonderfully jarring christopher walken ) who has risen from the grave after being decapitated in the western woods .
NEG	" some houses are born bad , " goes the haunting's tag line , to which i must add , " some movies , too . "
POS	crystal proves himself able to deliver the lines with both the timing of a classic actor and the verbal countenance of a comedian , and the result is a very funny scene .
POS	while noting the racial and social differences between the kids , the screenplay dances around most of the clich ? s ( there are still several mtv moments , though ) .
NEG	it is a visual medium .
NEG	that's not the case with really bad thrillers like this , which fail to generate even a momentary heart palpitation -- the characters are too bland and the plot is too uninvolving for anyone in the audience to care .
POS	if it can continute to produce people like thorton , hollywood will be ok .
POS	he is currently finishing a couple of small projects .
POS	what differentiates american pie from those dirty eighties comedies , aside from a very nineties obsession with bodily fluids * , is a cast that's light years more appealing than that of , say , just one of the guys .
NEG	the acting is pretty bad , especially jackie chan , who can't act to save his life .
NEG	the contrived story , involving the marriage of their kids , provides the excuse for a reunion between oscar madison and felix unger , who haven't seen each other in 17 years .
POS	hopefully more writers and directors will learn from gattaca . . .
NEG	as a revival of a sort of action film that was popular in the 1960s , i was hoping that there would be something here to grab onto and enjoy .
NEG	kiss of the dragon , jet li's second consecutive american misfire , plays like one big miscalculation , and fails even as the most rudimentary entertainment .
NEG	the trailer gives away much , too much of the story .
POS	the film betters reflects the serious drama of french cinema but is laced with pieces reflecting the brutality of american cinema .
NEG	house on haunted hill owes its lineage to a b-movie 40 years old and makes no illusion that it's a crappy horror movie .
POS	they marry .
NEG	this one's short on batteries .
POS	upon hearing of the death via a mysterious fax , dolores' estranged and bitter daughter , esquire magazine writer selena st . george , returns from new york back to her tiny island village childhood home .
NEG	should she stay with stable michael , and never escape her hometown . . . or
POS	schticks have all been seen before , in any one of several dozen similar jackie movies from the seventies and early eighties .
NEG	capsule : dumb dud of an entry in the body heat sweepstakes , and now something of a landmark for having spawned a jillion clones .
POS	he , in addition to the rest of the human cast , finds the right note to play in all of the scenes with his cartoon co-stars .
POS	at the same time all the humans fall asleep and after the changes are made , they awake and either continue where they left off or begin a new life they have no idea they did not have until then .
NEG	you've seen this kind of movie before .
NEG	it stars thespian extraordinaire tim roth , looking wistful as ever , as a guy named . . .
POS	mckellar has crafted a gang of the some of the most interesting characters i've seen in a film in months .
NEG	unfortunately , his men with guns is not the film anyone was hoping for .
POS	so what does he set out to do ?
NEG	if the film maintained this sort of light-hearted tone , it would have been much more charming and enjoyable to watch , but , to its detriment , it instead takes its silly plot far too seriously and barrels along to a bloody , effects-ladened anticlimactic conclusion .
NEG	gary oldman plays jack grimaldi , a good cop turned bad , selling information to the mob and cheating on his wife .
NEG	now say it together , gang : " all for one , and one for all . . . we
NEG	although his character is contradictory to the unfolding disaster , reno brings a style to the role of phillipe which makes him enjoyable .
NEG	ain't they a pair ?
POS	when clue played in theaters , it ran with the gimmick of three different endings .
POS	unfortunately for scorsese , his film was unspectacular and too artsy to compete with coppola's influence on mafia portrayals in the movies .
NEG	they use giants spheres the roll around underground , supposedly at thousands of miles per hour . . . oh
NEG	if the carpenter brand name wasn't superglued to the title , this embarrassment would surely have bypassed theaters entirely and gone straight to its proper home on the usa network .
POS	it's not the typical romance , in which a guy finds a girl , they fall in love and all is well , this is more complicated and depressing .
POS	this leaves the passionate ellie searching for new sponsors , eventually finding a setup in new mexico and leaving palmer with no explanation , and only a one night stand to remember .
NEG	the energy of her character is palpable and is a major reason the movie is so watchable .
POS	the confusion of the ending draws the viewer in , as we are just as confused as the actors who are being chased around .
POS	one night , a visitor from heaven makes a fiery entrance in bethany's bedroom .
POS	soon , china's emperor ( pat morita ) mobilizes his armies and decrees that one male from each family in the country shall serve to fight in china's defense .
NEG	there's an audience guaranteed for a film like this , although bad reviews and poor word-of-mouth will likely ensure that it won't be much of a success .
NEG	this is an animated film from czechoslovakia that is definitely not for kids .
POS	i didn't much care about the characters ( perhaps aside for elizabeth who is played quite well by blanchett ) and so i didn't have much interest in who would join her in her nuptials .
POS	just hold on to the money until spring , and if no one claims it , they'll be safe to spend it and their hope of experiencing the american dream can come true .
NEG	as the story goes , there is an ancient myth explaining that babies ( ages 2 and under ) know all the secrets of the world from previous life experiences .
POS	( cinematographer remi adafarasin often allows space to engulf them ; i'm reminded the climax , which unfolds in a sea of white . )
NEG	i had a whole headful of legal and ethical questions surrounding this , raised by a documentary i'd seen on the subject once , but the movie does not waste any time with being intelligent or thought-provoking .
POS	and this is the films main problem .
POS	paying homage to oliver stone's 1987 classic wall street , younger is almost modernizing the tale by using younger , hipper actors to play the greedy villains as opposed to the older , more experienced types .
NEG	thanks to this movie , the public unfamiliar with computers now has a distorted viewpoint of computers and what they can do .
NEG	deneuve is barely in this movie !
POS	and , even though it would mean the end of privacy , people would eat it up .
POS	yes .
NEG	sammy , seeing a golden ticket , convinces max to become an actor ( represented by sammy , of course ) , and come back to america .
NEG	it wasn't always this way .
POS	the nephew has not been " picked up " in north america but has been in the rest of the world .
POS	this time the score is not so much a rip off of star trek ii ( james horner's aliens ) .
POS	" return to me " has done an excellent job of assembling together a group of actors who blend in effortlessly as a family : the audience has no trouble at all believing that this rambunctious family actually does exist .
POS	however , most outstanding is the gnarled performance by robert shaw as the movie's captain ahab , a performance sorely overlooked by the academy awards .
NEG	the only time she is part of what happens is when she can have a shot at defusing a bomb and freeing some passengers trapped behind a fire door .
NEG	of course , wellington is not only rich , but white and 53 years old , which makes lance's bid for closing night at the apollo , as well as his desire to woo suntee ( regina taylor , " jerry maguire " ) , a tad tricky .
NEG	kevin smith , coming off the wonderful , challenging dogma , fills it with sub-road trip gross-out jokes and expects us to buy it because he's just oh-so-ironic .
POS	but if you can accept the view is that this is a movie about gay individuals , you'll love it .
NEG	capt . gray edwards ( alec baldwin ) heads the task force that consists of a wise guy ( buscemi ) , a tough woman ( peri gilpin ) and a gentle giant ( ving rhames ) .
NEG	i think it's the best movie i've done " ( paramount radio network ) .
NEG	when all is said and done , shakespeare in love is only worth the trip if you want to be entertained .
NEG	three , while the notion of a psycho's victims being smart , successful women is an interesting twist , the execution isn't even half as good as the idea .
NEG	when she gets parole , she's sent to a halfway house run by travis lehman ( tommy lee jones ) , a former law professor who ruined his life with a drunk driving accident .
NEG	i never thought i'd miss the guy but i do .
NEG	the film then picks up at that point , an eighteen year old dade murphy hacking away at the computer .
NEG	have gary sinise show up and force the two of them to participate in a poorly planned casino heist .
NEG	the movie is completely schizophrenic in its tone and texture .
POS	sigourney weaver turns out yet another good performance , equaling her portrayal of ripley in aliens .
POS	in 1977 , something never though possible happened .
NEG	honestly , though , what do you expect from a film with about a dozen writers and a director who had his name removed and replaced with a pseudonym ?
POS	to begin with , i was surprised at how good it was .
POS	please keep the kids home as the r rating is for reality .
NEG	even the fonz himself - henry winkler , the epitome of teenage angst and nostalgia - has a welcome role as al's dad , the host of the popular cooking program `chef ray' .
NEG	they must be preceded by a clever set-up so the audience hasn 't predicted them five minutes in advance .
NEG	elizabeth hurley is perfectly cast as the easy slut , and dennis hopper , in a quick cameo as ed's biological father , is a nice choice ( ironically coming after the role he turned down as christof in the truman show ) .
NEG	anyway , they take off , liotta escapes and kills all the police and the pilots , and stewardess lauren holly locks herself in the cockpit to fly the plane .
POS	ronin does take a degree of intelligence to follow all of the nuance from start to finish , but even the uninitiated will be able to keep a grasp on most characters mand subplots .
POS	i find zero effect to be an immensely funny and witty film .
POS	i bust ( ed ? ) a gut on several occasions .
NEG	they were so busy trying to fill specific roles that they forgot one in general that would've made all the difference- a story writer .
NEG	if the film looks familiar , that is because " the slums of beverly hills ( 98 ) " went over the same ground but was fortunate to be more comical and perceptive due to alan arkin and natasha lyonne performances , in which they were fortunate to have a much sharper script to work with .
POS	their target is the very writerly named james leer ( played by the always understated tobey maguire ) , a student full of potential and one whom grady develops a mild affection for .
POS	hartnett especially should be applauded for taking on such a despicable character , a dude who you just want to grab by the throat and beat the shit out of ( sign of a good actor , if you ask me ) .
POS	tom and his wife , kate , played by rene russo ( tin cup ) were instructed not to inform the police , but they contacted the fbi .
POS	get it ?
POS	" the fall of the roman empire . "
POS	synopsis : rudy baylor ( matt damon ) is an ethical kid fresh out of law school who must juggle three legal situations at the same time .
POS	there are also a couple of visually standout scenes , one involving the charge of shan-yu's hun army , which utilizes the same computer-enhanced imagery disney animators have employed since the chandelier in beauty and the beast .
POS	it turned out to be one of the most satisfying movie experiences of the year .
NEG	it has a tiny rock land directly in the middle of a heated argument in new york city ! !
POS	however the emperor's evil son commodus ( joaquin phoenix ) murders his father before the announcement can be made , and maximus ( as well as his family ) is sentenced to be executed .
POS	indeed , in a singularly freakish oddity , it is the screenwriter , mr . williamson , and not the director that has been receiving the lion's share of acclaim for the success of scream , and the print advertisements for scream 2's theatrical release are similarly indicative of his increasing prominence : while the traditional " a film by wes craven " drapes the film's title in the ads , right below it ( in equal sized font , yet ) reads " written by kevin williamson " , an affirmation of the screenwriter's contribution to the project which may be unprecedented .
NEG	not content with the too-obvious " heathers " heisting , the filmmakers proceed to lift freely from a staggering variety of sources , including " carrie " , " bride of frankenstein " , " blue velvet " , and even shaw's pygmalion , itself recently remade as " she's all that " .
NEG	but , while they have got the plot twists down cold , they need to work on characterization and dialogue .
POS	daniel uses his access to the house to keep an eye on miranda's flirtation with a wealthy client ( pierce brosnan ) , to spend time with the children , and to learn something about responsible parenting , all the while trying to keep his identity hidden from the people who know him best .
POS	it is at this level that , " very bad things , " was so entertaining and surprising .
NEG	the black and white footage used for the first half of the film is starkly beautiful .
POS	for a moment , the family is stunned , but then the father yells at the children , " keep eating !
POS	and he never broods .
POS	you know the type : his shirt is always shredded , his face always scarred , he has a soft spot for his loved ones and a " to kill " list for his enemies .
POS	like disney's previous entries , " mulan " is slow to make its mark .
POS	the art direction is impeccable and some of the early sequences are amusing , but the novelty quickly wears off as writer/director alan parkers tries his darnedness to turn doo-doo into drama .
POS	female fembots with breasts that require gun controlling .
NEG	young einstein sprang from the twisted mind of yahoo serious , who not only wrote , produced , edited , and directed the film , but also starred and did his own stunts .
POS	the age difference ( ford's 56 , heche's 29 ) matters not -- these two click in a charged way that's hard to come by .
POS	with the help of their history teacher , miss riley ( laura dern ) , and several mine workers , the four are soon bound for great things .
NEG	the dramatics , which seem to occur at random , are overly staged and overly acted , detracting from any kind of value or even enjoyment which could otherwise be gleaned .
POS	it's sad that such a good film has these distractions .
NEG	not a watchable film in the bunch .
NEG	.
NEG	it's * literally * like a giant recruitment film that has gone berserk .
POS	same goes for jabba the hutt , who doesn't look as much mean here as he does corpulent and lazy .
NEG	yes , crystal tells us , hollywood is lying to our faces !
POS	complicating matters somewhat are the mobsters who have backed hackman's other films and want in on this one too , along with travolta's mob boss trying to track him down for defecting .
NEG	people are stuck in this town , with their nightmares roaming around them .
POS	instead we follow one year in 1930s italian summer resort town of rimini through the series of short vignettes that depict various local events and customs , as well as series of local , often very colourful characters .
NEG	yes , this is a bad film -- easily one of the most incompetent films of the year -- but it has a certain misguided charm that makes it a unique kind of disaster to endure .
NEG	i can't imagine anyone , no matter what they thought of the movie as a whole , liking this conclusion .
NEG	which gives it a leg up on some other horror films .
NEG	gellar , while aesthetically pleasing , is one-dimensional and utterly repulsive .
NEG	mark this one " return to sender " .
POS	we can solve most of these problems by taking a greater role in our national life and educating ourselves as voters and citizens .
POS	while perhaps less dangerous than tequila shooters or bungee-jumping , they require no less amount of physical stamina and concentration .
NEG	somewhat newer but also unimpressive are the cgi digital decapitations in some of the fights .
NEG	far from it .
NEG	( personal side note : i saw this movie on the road during a houston business trip .
POS	a week later , at his own wedding , he is left standing at the altar by his ex-fianc ? e , linda ( angela featherstone ) .
NEG	then desaster strikes .
POS	now , instead of emphasizing feel-good stories replete with characters of noble virtues , the screenplays and direction point toward human struggle and sorrow .
NEG	that's not to say that philip eisner ( here making his feature film-writing debut ) doesn't have talent .
NEG	" i'm unpredictable ! "
POS	even the human characters are different .
NEG	( ugh ! )
NEG	first of all , she can't pass for tough nypd street fighter , and her attempt to pass for orthodox jewish woman isn't much better .
NEG	bang bang . .
POS	the film takes the jerry springer format one step too far . . .
POS	in other words , pretty much everything he says or asks of someone , happens automatically and without any goofups .
POS	in the sequel the technical aspect of the film is close to perfection , creating a completely different atmosphere .
POS	tcheky karyo is the devil incarnate in this film .
NEG	also , who are the first two humans to meet supergirl when she arrives on earth ?
POS	will patrasche save the day ?
NEG	i can't recall a previous film experience where the fairly good time i was having turned as sour as quickly as it did during feeling minnesota .
NEG	ghosts of mars is called a horror movie , but it is more just a drawn out fight between humans and a surprisingly low-powered alien menace .
NEG	the biggest waste of resources is vinnie jones , who plays a mute accomplice of memphis .
POS	there are other wonderful minor characters such as ciro popitti's ben , a friend of lucas , whose diminutive stature does not mean he will take crap from the jocks .
POS	that's another mistake , of course , because the cute tyke becomes darth vader .
NEG	well , i didn't , at least .
POS	papa gregorio has the device necessary to radically increase the efficiency of the creatures and the bad guys will stop at nothing to get it from him .
POS	being inside malkovich's mind , gave him the opportunity to basically control mlakovich , like a puppet , and to fulfill his fantasies .
POS	scream 2 opens approximately two years after the original .
POS	it's not a pretty death , and it's leaving the likes of schwartznager , stallone , and van damme wearing cement galoshes at the bottom of a kung fu sea .
NEG	the father is gruff , is fired from a blue-collar job , is sexually inadequate , and cannot communicate with his family about his feelings .
NEG	what a crock !
NEG	though i suppose his hook-hand would look funny protruding from the sleeve of a leisure suit .
NEG	this focus is further emphasized by the casting : james van der beek , of tv's " dawson's creek , " is an understandable choice for the reluctant hero , although he never manages to do anything with the role .
NEG	that role was sheriff freddy heflin in copland -- a strange film about redemption within a broken soul .
POS	the actors confront ramsey on the street , saying their lines as hidden cameras peek through bushes to capture the footage .
NEG	the big letdown , however , comes upon the realization that this 100-minute head-scratcher was masterminded by neil jordan , the man behind " the crying game . "
POS	the cast is rounded out well with the marvelous rush who plays the queen's most loyal advisor , sir francis , and attenborough as a well-meaning but old-fashioned lead council .
NEG	a little of this would have been nice for atmosphere , but the movie telegraphs its own tragedy from the beginning .
POS	he would refer to tibbs as " boy " and would always suspiciously keep an eye on him .
POS	helfgott's life is certainly not without it's sympathetic people .
POS	it is a wonderful opportunity for dillane after he had to suffer through the denis leary-sandra bullock disaster two if by sea .
NEG	somewhere behind all the shooting and explosions and car chases there are the rudiments ofa plot , but we see only tiny pieces of it .
NEG	maybe the book was better , but the way it's handled here is a perfect case study in formula filmmaking guaranteed to bore .
NEG	funny , that is if you aren't comparing them to the likes of tarantino's pulp chcaracters .
POS	however , that might also be what's keeping it from reaching its maximum potential .
NEG	gheorghe muresan isn't a natural actor at all , and his thick cotton-mouthed accent certainly doesn't help .
POS	thus , the revelation of the " hero " as a killer ( and anti-hero ) in the final scenes may still prove shocking , but its all somewhat implausible by the time the end credits have rolled .
NEG	annie , who was the highlight of the the original , must have seriously banged her head in the train crash at the end of the first movie .
POS	i cringed the first time she opened her mouth , imagining her attempt at an irish accent , but it actually wasn't half bad .
POS	i try to see both in equal proportions .
POS	and yes . . . they have no wire-fu in this movie . . . i
POS	it ignited a spark of excitement in what otherwise has been a disappointing year for independent film .
POS	one of the interesting things about the little mermaid is something which now curiously dates it : the voices cast for its motley crew of characters .
NEG	as for thomas jane , he starts off acting suspicious and cagey , then accelerates to a snidely whiplash level of nastiness .
NEG	gone is 60 seconds is an orgy of maleness gone horribly awry .
POS	( we've made it thru comparison #1 ! ) jackie is a 44-year-old airline stewardess who brings in extra cash , and probably her main revenue , by smuggling large sums of money into the united states for ordell robbie ( pulp fiction's samuel l . jackson and comparison #2 ) .
NEG	i can surmise only that serling ran into serious script problems in how to handle the tricky question of language .
NEG	will this crazy scheme work ?
NEG	while young people were challenging traditional values on the streets , frustrated teenagers like me were stuck at home , sulking while our parents enjoyed the latest bob hope special .
POS	trust me , you really want to go find a noodle shop at this point .
NEG	it is because of the achievement of 254 people , that i rate this film 2/10 .
POS	but argento muffs the twist , both technically and narratively .
POS	it's all work and no play with him .
POS	alien 3 is a worthy successor to aliens and alien .
POS	but this is as close as you will ever get to it .
POS	worth noting is tom cruise , who stepped out of his usual superficial starring role and into a funny but depressing tour de force performance .
NEG	sadly , the waves looks like it's been drawn on computer , and doesn't look too good at all .
POS	gerard depardieu , another talented actor , is wasted when given little more than the utterances of " yes , my lord " and " no , my lord " in the role of reynaldo .
NEG	toward the end it gets into some heavier violence and sex scenes , clearly not intended for the tv pilot .
POS	it , along with m . night shyamalan's _unbreakable_ , is a mature cinematic extrapolation of the graphic novel format which has , since miller's seminal " the dark knight returns " , redefined the comic medium as one suitable for mature ruminations on psychologically sticky topics .
POS	sweet .
NEG	as unoriginal as the premise is , i was still somewhat interested in how this story would play itself out .
POS	drawing from a number of different films ( like the beatles' " hard day's night " ) " spice world " chronicles the week heading up to the girls' first concert at london's albert hall .
NEG	the widow soon finds out her husband was a bigger bastard than she imagined .
POS	but this is primarily nicholsons film , and every scene he's in , he's steals it .
NEG	temporary midnight is more like it .
NEG	it took me half the movie just to figure out what was going on .
POS	my best guess . . . . it will sink , though with many awards attatched to its hull .
POS	the chickens at tweedy's farm are up to something .
NEG	for example , our heroes are eventually attacked by a swarm of giant mechanical insects with machineguns attached to their torsos .
NEG	along the way there is subplot after subplot , hinged sloppily together by scenes that go nowhere , feel perfunctory , and ultimately make no sense .
POS	when they were showing the trailer for the upcoming schwarzenegger film , " end of days " , it was so loud i couldn't make anything out .
NEG	amateurishly staged scenes cancel each other out in their badness , from an embarrassing seduction in a literal vanilla fog to an impromptu dance sequence where tom and amanda do their best fred and ginger - though fred and ginger never took part in anything this garish .
POS	due to larry's character it is also , at times , a very funny film .
NEG	instead we watch as a lovestruck elijah wood defies all odds to chase down his young wife , while people pack the highways out of town .
NEG	the qualities that make it captivating when seen in person are effaced in the motion picture medium .
NEG	the storyline revolves around super hacker stanley jobson ( hugh jackman ) , recruited by gabriel to crack the government's computer codes so gabriel can gather billions for his anti-terrorist campaign .
NEG	stallone .
POS	do they ? ) .
NEG	switch to the present day , gillian , who is the stronger , more rebellious sibling , leaves home , and meets up with a dark , abusive guy ( goran visjnic ) , while sally stays in their hometown , meets and falls in love with a sweet , caring man , has two children , and then is devastated when her husband is hit by a truck and killed ( come to think of it , she's not too devastated since she gets over it in about two minutes ) .
POS	amidala , the future mother of luke and leia and the queen of a peaceful planet being invaded by the trade federation ( ? ! ? ) , comes off as stoic , stilted and caricatured ( it appears as though she was a vulcan geisha in a former life ) .
POS	first , he shows us modern-day salvage operations on titanic ( that's just " titanic " , not " the titanic " , mind you ) .
NEG	see , it's called reindeer games .
NEG	there you get to see the most superfluous scene in the movie .
POS	cynthia's younger brother maurice is a successful photographer who has not seen his sister for ages , largely because of his wife's animosity towards her .
POS	like a certain oversized teenage movie critic , she is intelligent and has a great sense of humor but strikes out with the opposite sex because she sees herself as physically unattractive , and the men seem to be backing her up on that .
POS	you also may have heard that this one's too kiddie-friendly , and doesn't have enough content for adults .
NEG	but don't call her " babe . "
NEG	he's a god .
POS	pi's raw , aggressive visuals are reminiscent of david lynch's early work ( in particular , eraserhead ) .
NEG	now , i adore quentin tarantino .
POS	that line is in the trailers but it should not be praised like the other political confessions he makes in the movie .
NEG	he is the master of the extravagant special effect and the big visual adrenaline rush .
NEG	i love alfred almost as much as bruce and to see him in a robe , not in his tux , and freaking dying just gets to me .
POS	oh , and it has a story as well .
NEG	i guess someone put a spell on this movie .
NEG	the movie will probably please only smith's die-hard , undiscerning fans ; everyone else will be critical of this mind-bogglingly stupid effort following some the sophisticated cinema that he churned out in years past .
NEG	when the peace-loving colonists get a good look at who todd is , they are afraid of him and he is exiled to live by himself amid the junk on an environmentally hostile world .
POS	a drama ?
NEG	" pull the string !
NEG	welles goes about his assignment rather matter-of-factly , and the pieces of the puzzle fall into place rather neatly , almost as if you don't need any specialized skills or training to do this .
NEG	the ad campaign uses two things to sell this movie : the hot , young cast and the old standby , sex .
NEG	she should have returned for this one , but i don't blame her for not wanting to waste her time with this movie's disappointing and often lifeless screenplay , by michael piller .
POS	if you remember , during his acceptance speech , hanks gave a highly emotional tribute to the gay community , and even sighted a former gay teacher of his as a major inspiration in his life .
POS	he exudes such charm and likeablity , it's not surprising that we're rooting for him to get what he wants .
POS	even showing a brief appearance on sesame street ! !
NEG	( of course , the boyfriend's original plan for the evening was , try not to laugh , to sit in an empty diner and read catcher in the rye by j . d . salinger . )
POS	the overall score by jerry goldsmith also is a plus .
POS	scheider hits just the right notes as a sympathetic husband and father caught in the political quagmire of doing what's right and going against the entire town .
NEG	it's a veritable " alpha centuri 90210 " as we watch the love-smitten teens squabble in the name of love .
NEG	once the transition was made from still art to color animation , an entirely different feel takes precedence .
POS	andrew lloyd webber's musicals , preferably his early work with lyricist tim rice , present a musical which is totally unlike any musical before its time .
POS	american beauty is a non-formula , intelligent and articulate movie that offers fantastic performances by everyone in the cast , especially kevin spacey , who is simply gosh darn amazing this movie .
NEG	or sean connery , but not arnold " i'm not an actor , but i play one in real life " schwarzenegger .
POS	one of the loveliest moments comes as christine and satine commune outdoors at night , becoming part of a defiantly unrealistic parisian cityscape straight from a book of fairy tales .
POS	many have forgotten , but " jaws " was a sort of precursor to " waterworld " ( 1995 ) , a movie's who soggy production and cost overruns had universal studios worried about a bomb .
NEG	and david proval has never overacted as much .
NEG	the story is told slowly and in just a bit too much meticulous detail .
NEG	freddie prinze jr . and julia stiles are an adorable couple , and when on screen together , they radiate the sort of warmth and charisma that the movie should have centered around .
POS	society . mullen and the other glitteratti frolic up on high while sinise and the other lowlifes dwell below , feeding off the unsuspecting .
NEG	but what can he do with material as resolutely mediocre as this ?
NEG	chambers is good , but if anyone had a chance to best him it would have to be baker .
POS	the real standout is sarah polley as the drug dealing checkout girl : her refreshing and deeply enjoyable performance makes the heavy going stories she is involved in much more entertaining .
POS	sandler and barrymore are a good match and they're assisted by some terrific cameo appearances , including steve buscemi and jon lovitz , whose individual scenes are perhaps the funniest in the film .
POS	winterbottom brilliantly intersplices scenes with actual news footage to give the film the feel of a documentary and keeps the viewer aware that many of these horrors are being carried out thousands of miles away as you sit safely in your living room .
POS	the writing and direction are great .
NEG	this sets up some showcase moments for wayans's gift for physical comedy , especially when darryl loses his sense of feeling and his body goes completely , hilariously limp .
NEG	they also use the same kind of computer as we do , but that comes about later .
NEG	his style does have some unexpected touches including some very odd dream sequences .
NEG	i seem to respect directors if they aren't " gods " and are actually human beings who make mistakes .
NEG	why does billy crystal continually get caught in these pathetic comedies ?
POS	she works at home as a crisis center affiliate over the phone .
POS	the music and sound effects are perfect for the film and really add a certain level of impact to the action .
POS	the film never paints him as merely the villainous parent standing in the way of his child's dreams , but , instead , shows the multihued portrait of a man who wants the best for his family and town , but is too stubborn to realize what that is .
POS	yes , if you sit down and think about it , certain plot elements in this film probably won't make any sense .
NEG	the actual plot revolves around the ridiculous story of a millionaire computer engineer -- the great sam rockwell -- who gets kidnapped by a mysterious rival computer company .
NEG	the only other recent challenger to their throne was last fall's promising , if flawed , 20th century fox production " anastasia , " but disney's " hercules , " with its lively cast and colorful palate , had her beat hands-down when it came time to crown 1997's best piece of animation .
NEG	this is unsettling for the psychologist .
POS	for all its imagination , certain things about the film may be a bit too quirky and bizarre .
POS	it's a strange turn of events , but by now we shouldn't be surprised , because bad boy bubby ain't like other movies .
NEG	once or twice is fine .
NEG	the formula is so familiar that we know how it will end from the start .
POS	he has often been called " the j . d . salinger of cinema . "
NEG	the appealing actors are uniformly good and stiller is even stellar , but they can't begin to save " mystery men " --it's just one big mess .
NEG	i couldn't .
NEG	which brings me to another aspect of urban legend : it's unoriginality .
POS	there is a very interesting contrast between the traditional battle style and martin's take-no-prisoners method .
NEG	this is a sort of brooding film -- our protagonist doesn't speak much and the action sequences are done with an annoyingly perfunctory attitude .
POS	he refuses to use trains and wants to avoid big cities as he hitchhikes across france to find his destiny .
POS	while you are watching , this will not matter .
NEG	they come up with crazy schemes to get tickets , most of which backfire .
NEG	the cast is decent however , brendan fraser seems to be enjoying himself in the role as stu miley , but becomes awfully annoying when monkey bone takes over his body .
POS	but now , it's even more interesting , as one beloved studio ( disney ) goes up against the newcomer ( dreamworks ) .
NEG	it's not a simple plan , when you shoot everyone you love for money , unless you're the menendez brothers .
NEG	it's not original , is entirely predictable and lacks energy .
POS	so i would definitely recommend this film to anyone looking for a light hearted , yet interesting way to spend a couple of hours .
NEG	the film was filled with nearly non-stop comedy , and worse yet , most of it fell flatter than a cartoon character that drops off a cliff .
NEG	the other principal actor , robert loggia , wastes his talents in a one-note turn as a ruthless , screaming monster .
NEG	the extra-terrestrial , " " alien , " and " aliens . "
NEG	sharon stone and peter coyote are both flat .
POS	frakes , making his feature directorial debut , keeps the action swiftly rolling along and delivers the action goods , even upping the violence a notch ( this is the first trek film to bear a pg-13 rating ) to greater effect .
POS	cameron's major headache was keeping the audience interested in a tale where everybody knows the ending going in .
POS	i would imagine if the world was ending , and there was nothing to be done about it , a large segment of the population would be going out of their minds .
NEG	the comedy relief is supposedly provided by the gangly jar jar brinks , although in the end none is provided in the film by him .
NEG	she sets out to find him , leaving her poor dad and mom ( mrs .
POS	firstly , there's cameron's direction .
NEG	and the movie , except for the obligatory scene of someone almost overdosing , shows drug usage as being a hip and natural part of the art scene .
NEG	to make time pass , the creators have inserted several " refreshing " scientific details , that would not convince a half-crazed frog .
NEG	in his translation , roger kumble forgot character development and sympathy -- some pretty crucial elements .
POS	usually he is used as the butt of a joke , or as a caricature , but in this film , has a living-and-breathing , sympathetic person to play .
NEG	don't say a word loses the audience inside of 15 minutes .
POS	one of the best things about my job is that , every so often , a film still catches me by surprise .
POS	he reminds me of the self-imposed outcast film director , jim jarmusch ( dead man , ghost dog ) .
NEG	please don't spend your money on this ; it'll only encourage hollywood to make more .
POS	ostensibly , the film is a documentary , but use of that term requires stretching its meaning .
NEG	everyone's either having sex , exacting revenge , or wishing they were having sex or exacting revenge .
NEG	director peter hyams ( end of days ) obviously wanted to blend eastern and western filmmaking styles , but here it's a disaster .
NEG	the kid rarely seems the least bit worried or scared , no matter how many people are after him with guns , trying to kill him .
POS	realistically , he's a man afraid , but not afraid to act .
NEG	but " switchback " then decides to explicitly reveal the killer's identity at its midpoint , and the following contradictory character motivations muddle both the pacing and the generation of suspense .
NEG	the screenplay by kevin falls and john gatins , based on a story by falls , merely lobs its plotline at the audience .
POS	director mira nair calls the film an affirmation of life .
NEG	he vows revenge on that man and is taught the ways of the musketeer by some old dude who used to be one himself ?
POS	enter at your own risk . )
NEG	a truly profound statement , and one that could be made for the entire mad slasher genre ( just replace " sex " with " your mad slasher film " ) .
NEG	it could be argued that delpy is the only reason to see an american werewolf in paris , but even her most devoted fans should consider giving this one a miss .
NEG	now she makes her directorial debut , writing , directing , and starring in this sub-par film about women talking about sex .
NEG	he's not prepared for the very real apparitions that terrorize the crew , nell especially , who has some ancestral connection to the manor's previous inhabitants .
NEG	perhaps after this , audiences will be less assured when they see will smith's name stamped on a summer movie .
NEG	reindeer games is easily the worst of the three recent films penned by ehren kruger ( scream 3 and arlington rd are the others , each derivative in their own special way ) .
NEG	turns out robin still pines for his high school sweetheart lise ( brooke langton ) , who has long gone on with her life , and hughes's main concern at long last reveals itself as a tired " live in the present and for the future " message .
POS	is it the script or the movie as a whole ?
POS	life is beautiful is a fantasy , a fable .
NEG	mark my words , barb wire will be all over the cinemax network in a year .
POS	seth's adoration is too much to resist , and eventually he does appear to maggie , quite regularly , although such a thing seems taboo among the angelic community .
POS	with an idea so different , it would be easy for the director and screenwriter to dumb it down and appeal to the lowest common denominator .
POS	her friend randy ( jamie kennedy ) is a student there as well , and he's just as knowledgeable about horror films as ever .
POS	can come true . . .
NEG	jeffrey complained particularly about how gross the movie was .
POS	when you leave the path , the world becomes a dangerous , ambiguous place , but it's full of potential .
POS	as the two clash horns , the story behind the mysterious death of dolores' abusive husband two decades ago , ruled an accident despite the protests of detective john mackey , is revealed .
NEG	in order to woo his lady love serina , louie makes friends with a young boy , sammy , who persuades teacher mrs . hammerbottom ( carol burnett ) to allow louie to attend class .
NEG	wood also makes copious use of mostly irrelevant stock footage , which leads to voiced-over non-sequiturs like , " yes , our world is a busy and frightening place , with so many people driving their automobiles . "
NEG	nicolas cage plays family man detective tom welles , who is asked by upper class toff mrs . christian ( myra carter ) to investigate an movie found in her recently deceased husbands safe .
NEG	sentenced to three years in prison , he served 15 months and completed parole in 1992 .
NEG	it's beauty and natural goodness is being slowly destroyed by an uncaring mining magnate ( kris kristopherson , who constantly looks like he wants to kill his agent for getting him this role ) .
NEG	the cast is impressive : clooney is a surprisingly good wayne/batman , o'donnell is a crafty robin as usual , they could've casted somebody better as batgirl ( my friend likes neve campbell ) , but silverstone is not bad , and thurman is a good poison ivy .
POS	there is marc renton ( who narrates ) , spud ( the dim-witted one ) sick boy ( the sean connery obsessive ) , and begbee ( the violence obsessive ) .
POS	roselyn sanchez is knockdown gorgeous ( and resembles sandra bullock ) as undercover agent isabella molina - she doesn't add much to the equation but is terrific to watch .
NEG	in the film , johnson plays . . .
POS	only eckhart disappoints as jerry's replacement , stan ; he never seems entirely convincing , too much a tool of the plot .
POS	the death was staged by director christof ( ed harris ) , who wanted to put a fear of water into truman to keep him from leaving the island .
POS	oh well .
NEG	swanson adds real life to the character , adding an worldly , affectionate air to the bawdy sadie .
POS	waiting for guffman is the story of blaine , missouri , a town celebrating it's 150th anniversary , and the musical that is being put on for the big event .
NEG	ho , ho , ho , men are such klutzes !
POS	gwtw places america's greatest tragedy in the background of a classic love story , titanic does the same with the atlantic's most legendary tragedy .
POS	the andromeda strain starts out with two soldiers in a high-tech ( for 1970 ) van looking for a crashed satellite in a tiny new mexico town .
NEG	a knight's tale ( 7/10 ) - american outlaws ( 5/10 ) - crouching tiger , hidden dragon ( 7/10 ) - the matrix ( 8/10 ) - the replacement killers ( 6/10 ) - romeo must die ( 3/10 ) - shanghai noon ( 6/10 )
NEG	jason biggs is the straight man of the musketeers and gets very little to do ; though having watched his previous films ( " american pie " and " loser " ) i'm not sure what attraction biggs actually has .
POS	reservoir dogs is an entire hour shorter than pulp fiction because it's only got one story to tell rather than three .
POS	it all sounds very devastating , and it would be if it weren't presented with near-perfection by one of this year's most delightful ensemble casts .
NEG	this is a lousy , incoherent mess .
NEG	taggert is sent to find the perpetrators and to bring them to justice .
NEG	with each episode of the series there would be dozens of really great laughs crammed into less than 30 minutes .
POS	" i have a gun , and everything . "
POS	can someone who's gambled his entire life really cash in his chips and leave ?
POS	and that gets her killed .
POS	the rest of the cast is pretty stale , though pete postlethwaite sticks out due to his recent turns in the usual suspects and the lost world .
POS	and that is the main problem with the film , and which stops it from being a work of genius .
POS	stacy edwards gives a measured dignity to christine , and succeeds in making us care for her , but by the end of the film we still know nothing about her .
POS	even without headphones , sounds from either side of the screen can be clearly heard to _come_ from that side .
POS	cameron does two things that work incredibly well .
POS	in fact , if you haven't seen " the blair witch project " , you might like this film for what it is -- a cross between " the blair witch project " and the " scream " -films .
POS	some of best gags include an oriental film maker down on his luck and one of mel's hitmen pals that has just discovered onanism .
NEG	murphy lends nothing to his character and poor goldblum looks as if he'd rather be someplace else .
POS	but it doesn't take the film long to spring into action and within minutes our hero jedi are fighting for their lives and the film's story begins to move along .
POS	the differences between the two characters would be more effective if it were accomplished by demeanor and attitude .
NEG	apparently the culture has changed so that women are much more in positions of control .
POS	lieutenant ellen ripley ( weaver ) is discovered in hypersleep on the nostromo and is awakened .
POS	the digitalized backgrounds on some of the planets are an astonishing sight .
POS	maj . steve arnold ( played by harvey keitel ) has been assigned by his superiors to investigate wilhelm furtwangler ( stellan skarsgard ) , perhaps europe's greatest classical music conductor .
POS	perhaps bridget fonda is miscast as his advice-giving wife , but she certainly doesn't do anything ruin the picture .
POS	the german director of such classics as " sunrise " and " the last laugh " died in a car accident shortly after signing a deal to make american pictures at paramount .
NEG	your shirt , man ! )
NEG	woo won't be one either .
POS	large enough that they don't strain the eyes , but small enough not to conceal too much of the screen .
NEG	highway deaths of filmmaker alan j . pakula , songwriter harry chapin , and his own mother on exit 52 .
POS	as carlos , hernandez is a revelation .
POS	naturally the two will become infatuated with one another .
NEG	catherine zeta-jones plays virginia baker , an insurance investigator tracking down an infamous art thief named robert macdougal ( sean connery ) .
POS	well , compared to rob and bruce anyway .
POS	or at least the mayor of dante's peak ( linda hamilton ) .
NEG	the script , however , is painfully bad .
POS	we all know that big budget dosen't mean great film ( see waterworld ( 1995 ) ) but titanic is far superior to kevin costners waterlogged epic .
POS	at a time when the colonial empires are falling down around the world , lumumba is in the right place at the right time and , through political savvy and chess-like manipulation , achieves a position of leadership of the mnc .
POS	suo might have been better advised to conclude with the small gem of a scene in which sugiyama and his wife take their first tentative dance steps together .
NEG	but , ollie , old sage , do not take a good story and a hot cast and make one of the most pointless and worthless films of the decade .
POS	his only allies are his faithful assistant lois ( daryl hannah ) and his bumbling private-eye sidekick clyde ( robert downey jr ) .
POS	the boys eventually get together to split the money , but as plans change , double-crosses occur , dealing and wheeling goes down and the crew set up for the road .
POS	after escaping from a vengeful cab driver , owen gets to new mexico by masquerading as the driver for a busload of lucy ricardo impersonators heading to a convention .
NEG	who would want to ? )
NEG	a research expedition has vanished without trace on the red planet and another one has been sent to find out what happened .
POS	the ending works very well , and left it very open to the sequels that came afterward .
NEG	the ending does not go out on a high note with any kind of climax , instead , it seems to come to a sudden halt ( but at least it ends at all ) .
POS	another subtle moment has vivian lovingly blowing a kiss to edward , who is asleep , and placing it on his lips , since she still is unsure if she should be getting attached to this man who may very well be out of her life forever in a short couple of days .
POS	because the press screening of " planet of the apes " was one day past last issue's deadline , i was afforded the opportunity to see the film a second time , listen to audience reactions and read a heap of reviews before writing this piece .
NEG	but these gags , and the gag behind the entire movie , quickly grows stale .
POS	so when a movie like gary ross' pleasantville comes along , wrapped in a blanket of innovative ideas and served up on a platter of fine production , it's a welcome change of pace for all who frequent the cineplexes .
POS	" hard copy " 's diane diamond asked smart what she thought about nicole kidman's fictionalized portrayal of her in the new film to die for .
POS	doubtfire and flubber , was punctuated with the actor's first academy award in 1998 for his role in good will hunting .
POS	he's not a brand name , and his movies usually aren't big moneymakers , but in his own unassuming way he's kind of a genius .
POS	let the ratings reflect not subject content , like " sex " and " violence " .
POS	in summary , this movie is solely about the character growth of two characters who almost develop a relationship .
NEG	despite being a solid two hours long , " return to me " adds little to the " boy meets girl / boy loses girl " formula and , as a result , is terribly tedious and slow-moving .
POS	this atmosphere is also provided by incredible talent of composer and fellini's long-time associate nino rota .
NEG	the monkeys are pounding on their typewriters while scratching themselves .
NEG	anyone who has sat through the christopher lambert and natasha henstridge debacle known as adrenalin : fear the rush will know what i mean .
POS	the story as a whole is one of the most original to come out of hollywood in years .
NEG	craven and company promise that this is the last installment in the " scream " series .
POS	and it's all done in a fairly clean , almost ( well , maybe not exactly ) family fare manner .
NEG	i know i'm not the only one who loved the catfight between her and uma . . .
POS	but when the oldest son enlists anyway and another is murdered by a wicked redcoat colonel ( jason isaacs ) , martin quickly decides to save the day ( or save the fate of america as presented by emmerich ) .
NEG	lastly , armageddon is out there to save the planet , with a capital " p " .
NEG	she's the lone survivor this time .
NEG	in fact , nothing in " simply irresistible " goes anywhere save for gellar , and she doesn't go somewhere so much as you wish she'd go _somewhere_ - like to a better movie .
NEG	you have to see it and experience it for yourself .
NEG	newman . sarandon .
POS	for the first hour or so , i can quite honestly say i was on the verge of tears ; these are miserable , miserable people .
NEG	this is not to say that the film does not have its moments  there are some tense court room scenes that are shrewdly created  telling the tale of foreign injustice and government corruption .
NEG	come on people get some new ideas already !
POS	not only is this observation entirely pointless and out of place , but it is also hackneyed beyond all belief .
POS	now , the filmmakers might have perfectly good explanations for this , and i could probably come up with something fairly convoluted ( but nevertheless logical ) if i thought about it hard enough ( for example , the reason john gets advance information of the serial killer's murders was because the change had already happened in frank's world , and john is only witnessing the * projection * of that change ) , but explanations aren't really the point .
POS	after a days work , the men leave their jobs at a factory to head down to the local bar , where john ( george dzundza ) works .
POS	watching a seemingly average man go through as much as this is what makes the movie so adventurous .
POS	the combo of the terrific physical talents of chan and the non-stop motor mouth of tucker made for an ethnically unusual duet in " rush hour " that played well to audiences around the world .
POS	in fact , during the climax of the film i couldn't help but feel the strong presence of an " akira " -esque explosion throughout the general feeling of the movie .
POS	once his mission is completed and he is safely home , the fee is paid .
POS	go see the film .
POS	there is a transmitter in every key , so that sinclair and his cronies can keep track of who is ahead .
POS	quaid , now hopelessly confused , follows the advice given to him , by a 'friend' .
NEG	abigail supposedly revels in her newfound power , but ryder fails at being convincingly haughty although there is much haughtiness to spare here .
NEG	ben affleck displayed his comedic talents in dogma and boiler room , and even on saturday night live directly after the horrible forces of nature and 200 cigarettes .
POS	she is invigorated by his commanding presence and refreshed by his vibrancy .
POS	an indian wedding is a multi-day affair as much a family reunion as a nuptial .
POS	he also knows that harry is up to his ears in debt , having spent a fortune on an unsuccessful farm .
POS	it was schreber who contacted john for reasons that are continually revealed throughout the course of the film .
NEG	belonging more to the genre of courtroom drama than erotic thriller , woman of desire distinguishes itself from similar films by having almost all characters behaving like total idiots .
POS	al pacino's slade was a larger-than-life individual ; robin williams' sean mcguire is much more subtle .
POS	the audience reacted to many of truman's revelations with laughter .
NEG	fight scenes are quick and senseless and offers no enjoyment value whatsoever .
NEG	and for the record , allow me to state a few more problems with it .
POS	no one knows .
NEG	it's just a kid's movie .
NEG	don't waste your time or money , because your head will feel hollow .
POS	kidman triumphs in the trashy role of suzanne .
NEG	then there's koepp , who showed such great ability at making a character's flaws come to life like he did in depalma's earlier " carlito's way , " a film that dove right into the life and past of its character and examined him extremely well .
NEG	no suspense , no chemistry between the leads , no real love or passion , no sense of surprise , plenty of plot holes for everyone and an extra moronic ending .
NEG	unfortunately , the film never takes off from there .
POS	( to arouse : nadia's ( shannon elizabeth ) internet striptease-an unexpectedly raucous ( and guiltily pleasurable ) sequence .
NEG	stripes isn't the playful kind of sex comedy , either .
POS	based on the life story of david helfgott , this australian film is a rich exploration of the pressures drilling in upon a child-genius , compounded by the looming shadow of a domineering father .
NEG	of course , they set jay and silent bob up to look like the thieves , so that there is a massive manhunt going on during the second half of the film .
NEG	it also features some truly terrible performances from lela rochon , michael wong , paul sorvino , and -- of course -- jean-claude van damme .
NEG	( keep reading )
POS	two of the men are suitors : hasan ( rahul khanna ) , a hindu , and dil navaz ( aamir khan ) , a muslim .
NEG	when you first see him , your first instinct is that he's behind the whole thing .
NEG	did the filmmakers really believe the audience would laugh at a rip-off ?
POS	the stakes in this ecological struggle are that high .
NEG	it came as no surprise to me to learn that huntingburg , indiana ( where the film is set ) , does not have a mcdonald's , a sears store , a statue of a man on a horse , nor even a dam close by .
NEG	it is a classic example of a film that didn't need to be made .
NEG	a standout performance by ben kingsley as don cannot save what is essentially a set of cliches recycled from old westerns .
POS	on one hand , it is a fast paced action film .
NEG	usually playing a bit role in some studio schlock ( he dies halfway through the long kiss goodnight ) , he's only occasionally given something meaty and substantial to do .
NEG	easily the lamest menaces i have ever seen , the creatures move like snails and fall apart with a single shot from a gun .
NEG	the film couldn't be saved , no matter how much they spent or casted .
NEG	sorvino is o . k , although she's not very good at conveying terror , or anything emotion really .
NEG	as stated above , the first hour is superb and even the end is above average .
POS	excited , she sends for recording equipment and persuades vinie butler ( pat carroll ) and other self-sustaining mountain folk to share their musical heritage on her edison phonograph cylinders .
NEG	argo city is kept running by a power source called the omegahedron .
POS	at that point we find that she is not only the only person who can put up with him as a matter of course , but is also the only person who can get to him , too .
POS	the whole portal thing , isn't just a toy , in fact , it becomes cusack's dream .
NEG	kingsley makes don a compact package of fury and nastiness .
POS	featuring a monologue from dillon ( charles s . dutton ) , a prisoner who has found god , the movie cuts back and forth from the ceremony to the dog's demise .
POS	what made " return to me " old-fashioned and old-hollywood ?
POS	instead of everyone hating him , the american public love him .
NEG	heinlein's pre- " stranger in a strange land " books were aimed at adolescent males , and " starship troopers " has the antiseptic retro-future look of late 50s/early 60s sci-fi .
NEG	i've spent the last week trying to figure out why stiller never seemed to find the frighteningly gorgeous hurley attractive-worse , i've been trying to figure out why hurley did find stiller attractive .
POS	and here the most significant storyline is that involving the discovery of 10-year-old anakin skywalker ( lloyd ) , by qui-gon jinn and his introduction to the jedi council .
NEG	two hours later , they're still waiting .
POS	problem is that the mummy wants to revive his mistress , using evelyn as a sacrifice . . .
POS	the cast is superb and listening to their dialogue , spoken with thick jamaican accents ( half of which have to be subtitled because of their extensive use of slang ) , just adds to the interest .
POS	then , of course , is the cinematography , which uses point of view shots , along with video feeds in order to build suspense .
POS	matt dillon stars as sam lombardo .
NEG	even if you're not familiar with the video game , each fighter has their own costume and unique weaponry to easily differentiate themselves .
POS	it's up to blade to see that this doesn't transpire .
POS	the international version contains an additional 24 minutes of footage that pertains directly to the relationship of l ? on and mathilda , footage that american censors deemed " too explicit . "
NEG	much of the film fails to make a whole lot of sense , and there are such gaping plot holes that it's terribly difficult to contain any suspension of disbelief .
POS	as it is , the film retains some value , thanks to an excellent performance by charlotte rampling , and a more mature francois ozon in the director's chair .
NEG	arnold isn't very good - too hokey but kinda sympathetic at some points .
NEG	but lo and behold , here comes " switchback , " and fast on the heels of such stalker fare as " kiss the girls " and " i know what you did last summer . "
POS	his loser younger brother ( john lovitz ) comes to mitch's house to bum a money and place to live , all while mitch and his wife try to celebrate his birthday .
NEG	the comparisons to chinatown are easy enough , except for the fact that this film isn't nearly as gripping .
NEG	he left her with a stack of enormous bills and put up , without her knowledge , their comfortable 300 year old house as collateral for a failed business venture by taking out a second mortgage .
POS	little known facts : this film will always be remembered as the movie that knocked titanic ( 7/10 ) out of the top spot at the box-office after 15 straight weeks at number one .
NEG	nine months is a predictable cookie-cutter movie with no originality in humor or plot .
NEG	the components are all there , including an encouraging premise that all high school students can relate to .
NEG	if we can't take the characters seriously , the threat they face is an empty one because we simply don't care what happens to them .
POS	iron monkey succeeds as no kung fu film since drunken master 2 . at times , fighting styles , especially that of monkey himself , do devolve into the ridiculous twinkle-toed floating of films like crouching tiger , hidden dragon , director yuen wo ping eventually remembers to bring his action scenes back to earth .
POS	van sant rightly keeps the focus of this movie on the amoral suzanne and doesn't stop to proselytize the audience about the rightness or wrongness of her actions .
NEG	they would have been better off going with something like the urban myth about alligators in the sewers .
POS	some critics argue that logic doesn't matter in argento films , but damnit , it matters in all films to the point where viewers don't deserve to feel cheated .
NEG	more like holy crap .
NEG	mostly , it falls under the category of " boy . . . he's
POS	but it's still just as uproarious , or perhaps even more side-splitting than anything we've seen this season .
POS	mr . pollini ( rowan atkinson ) is a cheerful , odd little italian man on holiday in america .
NEG	but as director , he must also shoulder the blame for the little screenplay that wasn't , the performers who couldn't , and an apparent lack of ideas on the parts of everyone involved .
POS	the one exception in the acting department is a bit of a doozy , the main love interest played by danish actress iben hjejle ( mifune ) , who completely obliterates any trace of a danish accent , replacing it with a stilted american phonation .
NEG	believability aside though , it's still annoying .
POS	[there is one piece of sloppiness few people but me would notice .
NEG	one misstep " desperate measures " makes is in its underdevelopment of matt's illness .
POS	the movie references a great many other flicks , from " babe " ( " that'll do , donkey .
NEG	firestorm runs mercifully just 1 : 29 .
NEG	maybe you're curious , the way you have to look in your hanky after you blow your nose .
POS	it's not quite as entertaining or as funny as that film , but as it progresses in its meandering fashion , the movie cast something of a spell over me .
NEG	scaramanga's lackey is a dwarf called nik-nak , who rather fittingly is also possibly the silliest henchman in the series , serving up annoyance and weak dialogue in equal measures .
NEG	why is it that whenever a tv-star makes a movie it's always a romantic comedy , and then they say on entertainment tonight or something , that they were " attracted to the characters .
POS	and unless i nodded off , not a single building exploded .
POS	kenneth williams uses a new voice but struggles with the weak part of the 'judge' .
NEG	i can't even call this film predictable , since no one with a healthy imagination can come up with something like this .
NEG	don bluth has used computer animation extensively throughout , occasionally rivalling photographic quality .
NEG	the folks at miramax are obviously trying to capitalize on the rabid `she's all that' craze with their latest project , which has the studdly freddie prinze jr . attached and all .
POS	frequency boasts a compelling story line .
POS	mrs .
NEG	however , they won't find much meaning in the real blonde , and not enough real humor , either .
POS	how's * that * for a collision of acting styles ?
POS	screenwriter andy breckman adds a nice touch by not having the racers try to sabotage one another .
NEG	then , right around the one-hour mark ( that's the time to sneak into the theater next door and check out whatever's left of titanic ) , the virtually non-stop action begins , and , once it starts , the script becomes superfluous .
POS	blade ( snipes ) is half man , half vampire .
POS	with the arrival of the emperor ( an apparition-like creature played by ian mcdiarmid ) , vader has turned into somewhat of a henchman .
NEG	4 . they're winning the ratings and they're the promotion everybody cares about .
POS	reservoir dogs is good but it's no pulp fiction .
POS	each story builds to a tense moment ( or what appears to be intended to be a tense moment ) but then lets the tension dissolve .
NEG	one would be seriously incorrect .
POS	dean is also responsible for some of the most suspenseful scenes in the movie .
NEG	i never , even for an instant , had the foggiest idea why eye would fall so in " love " with this woman who changes wigs and kills people .
POS	in fact , aliens is one of those few sequels which tops the original .
NEG	douglas stumbles across yet another shocking discovery when he is led to the beast-people community , which considers dr . moreau their maker .
POS	" it was 1899 , the summer of love . . .
NEG	john malkovich ( being john malkovich ) fares a bit better as the dauphin , who joan would see on the throne as charles vii .
NEG	all sarcasm aside , it is certainly a different way to start a movie , of course a few minutes later we find out that the newly deceased had a twin brother -- so lucky us , we get to see more of jean-claude .
POS	fortunately , it doesn't destroy the goofy glee path it's been following and it still makes you feel good .
POS	in addition to the above , it is typical of a lot of recent movies in that it is really just a glorified made-for-tv movie , but longer and with bigger stars , and you have to pay to see it .
NEG	joker ? ) and now has a body temperature of a big fat zero and has a blue body .
NEG	this film is just chock full of pieces taken from assault on precinct 13 , the thing , and prince of darkness .
NEG	synopsis : an aging master art thief , his supplier , and a young , buxom security consultant are all not who they first appear to be ( or are they ? ) in this convoluted mess involving a risky heist during the millennium .
POS	but his performance here as an alien in human disguise is nothing short of outstanding .
NEG	the problem is that his proposal sucks .
NEG	the few remaining people live in boats and floating colonies , and survive by trade , theft , or piracy .
NEG	he has the weathered look indicative of a man who has seen his share of hard times .
NEG	this film is far from a worthy guilty pleasure .
POS	review : one memorable aspect of disney's " aladdin " was that it finally gave robin williams a character -- the genie -- to best take advantage of his comic talents .
NEG	he's a huge ex-scientist who fell into some weird liquid ( hello ?
POS	the hatred that she causes the audience to develop towards her , is simply indescribable .
NEG	he starts off with a very long steadicam shot then goes to flashes .
POS	yes , u-571 is historically incorrect and there are surely some specifics in the plot that people who have been onboard a submarine will tell you " that couldn't happen " , but the overall point of this film is entertainment .
NEG	throw in some bargain basement computer graphics and you end up with the ugliest movie to come down the pike in many moons .
POS	eventually , the movie's plot ( remember he hired a hit man ? )
POS	the most significant tension of _rushmore_ is the potential relationship between a teacher and his student .
POS	i'm not really sure what to think about " crash . "
NEG	this creature is shot about 500 , 000 times , but it's okay .
POS	the ephrons' script is witty and sharp .
NEG	another " best in show " alumnus , jennifer coolidge , is poorly used as wellington's cheating wife ( and shown several days apart wearing the same outfit ? ! ) and greg germann ( tv's " ally mcbeal , " " sweet november " ) continues display his sitcom roots as her lover and husband's lawyer .
NEG	but somehow , they ran into a problem along the way .
POS	it is a masterful turn .
POS	stockard channing's character , in particular , is a cipher .
POS	well as it turns out , it's a mighty fine score from carter burwell ( fargo , the hudsucker proxy ) that i enjoyed listening to again while i typed up this review .
POS	we soon learn that the film is not told in sequence ( and , since this is a gritty crime comedy , flashbacks of pulp fiction should arise ) .
POS	but , in october 1957 , an event happens that sparks one boy to dream .
POS	if you like what they have done with it , pop it in the vcr and enjoy .
POS	and that , my friends , should make you very afraid .
POS	, high +2 ( -4 to +4 )
NEG	you'll see 60% of anastasia there .
POS	instead , for return of the jedi , we have good triumphing decisively over evil , a resolution to a love triangle , and walking teddy bears .
POS	ronald harwood's screenplay ambiguously looks at the investigation of a great classical music conductor who stayed on in germany when the nazis took power and became the most popular conductor of the third reich .
POS	they notice that it has been stolen and they vow to find it .
NEG	she's a werewolf , cursed to change into a hideous beast when the moon is full , and , to make matters worse , he has suffered a nasty bite himself .
NEG	the movie is an adaptation of a book by hunter adams who founded the gesundheit institute , a free clinic .
POS	lone doesn't chew scenery or make pronouncements to " get lee and carter , " but gives the chief bad guy elegance .
POS	paul attanasio's script takes what could have been a tepid thriller ( the quiz show scandals of the late 50s ) and delivers a telling parable about the emptiness of the post war american dream and the golden bubble that surrounds and protects tv networks and their sponsors .
POS	review : a dog of flanders is the story of an adorable little boy named nello and his trials and tribulations in 19th century flanders .
NEG	jack black has the big-guy moves of a chris farley , giving j . d . an amusing physical presence .
POS	it+s obvious from the onset that here is someone who is very much against fascism and the preposterousness of an aryan nation , but does so with a grinning , joyful demeanor .
POS	that scene works because in a normal horror film , half the things that happen in that scene would never happen .
NEG	if there's anything really hateful there , the movie doesn't know how to give it to us .
POS	these joyous moments early on balanced out well with the later scenes in which their relationship is seriously tested due to a contrast in the life styles that they have always known , with virgil completely used to being blind and having a comforting , peaceful life in the country to amy's eventful life in the " big city . "
NEG	let me just start this review off by saying i am a huge fan of professional wrestling and have been for fifteen years .
NEG	a plot development .
POS	occasionally darkness or fog obscures our vision .
NEG	the hero commits a greedy , selfish act when he decides to pretend he is his dead cellmate in order to date ashley .
POS	the film's climax - with all the secrets and lies finally spilled out in ibsen-esque revelations , and everybody hugging each other - is the one thing that seems false about this film .
POS	that degree of complexity combined with those very realistic looking dinosaur effects is just about as much as i require .
NEG	the subplot with the token booth killer is inept , a throwaway that should have been ditched in the rewrite .
POS	but the truman show is not what i would call a summer movie , the x-files is .
POS	hawke plays a lovestruck , earnest and unchanged finn throughout the film .
POS	with the rise of labors , however , has come a new menace--labor crime .
NEG	pitiful for any director , too .
POS	she tries to talk to him as if nothing happened .
POS	what we see during this narration are various shots of him sitting on a bed , or standing motionlessly , with his hair destroyed and an utterly blank look painted on his unshaven face , his eyes pointing to something off camera , but obviously to nothing in particular .
NEG	this is a pretty bad horror film , yet bad horror films sometimes are very entertaining , and house on haunted hill is just such a film .
NEG	however , by confusing the viewer with a ton of add-ins and parodies , the movie ends up being something that just doesn't work .
NEG	here's what i think : harlem nights is charmless , unoriginal , disappointing , and almost without question , the worst film of the actor's career ( i haven't seen best defense ) .
POS	cameron's greatest gift is that he allows us to fall in love with titanic as well .
POS	vaughn is like someone vaccinated with a phonograph needle , he just keeps yakking and yakking , unaware of the havoc he creates .
POS	they remain married as a matter of convenience , but , since phyllis won't allow lucky to touch her , they have an unspoken agreement whereby he can fool around as much as he wants provided that no lasting bond is established as a result of these affairs .
POS	this was after the release of the high-grossing batman forever , and it said that tommy lee jones and chris o'donnell were being considered for the roles ( in the comic book , there were no black men in black .
POS	i also hated the " kid " character who just got on my nerves and didn't really care for the way that the battle sequence was resolved ( i won't ruin it here but c'mon guys . . . you
NEG	as a horror film , " hollow man " is unsophisticated and disturbing ( in its intent , not its achievements ) and not worth your time or your hard-earned dollars .
NEG	in yet another example of a " friend " faltering on the big screen , leblanc is so incredibly dull and yet so obviously trying so hard to be so incredibly charming ( make sense ? ) , it makes you want to shove his ass out the escape pod corridor without an escape pod .
POS	he has a doting mother ( pernilla august , making her first english- language film ) and is a slave to a gross flying gnome on tatooine .
NEG	if they'd done that much , at least i would have been entertained .
POS	it's a filthy , sooty place where the whores ( called " unfortunates " ) are starting to get a little nervous about this mysterious psychopath who has been carving through their profession with surgical precision .
POS	mpaa : not rated ( though i feel it would likely be pg , for martial-arts violence . )
POS	for those who do not have a full understanding of the history of the conflict , the entire movie , most importantly the opening scenes , provide a history lesson .
POS	but most importantly : it stands on its own ground and has almost no connection with the first movie , which doesn't allow it to destroy the original .
NEG	ingredients : possessed plastic dolls in love , plastic dolls having sex
POS	jerome morrow ( jude law ) agrees to give vincent all the proper identification tools ( urine , blood , skin and hair samples , etc . ) that he will need to get past gattaca's tight security .
NEG	" holy man " attempts to be several things at once .
POS	this convincing reality of television as progenitor of reality is a magical and provocative concept ; the best thing jim carrey does is stay out of its way .
NEG	that in itself is forgivable ; hollywood constantly tries to sell us used products in new packages .
POS	while we certainly feel something for each of the eight principals , our emotional investment is tenuous .
POS	very effective .
POS	visually , the film is very powerful .
NEG	i don't think he changed facial expressions all movie - jason , smile for the cameras ! !
POS	only , not to rec . arts . sf . movies .
POS	and " mesa go now , okeday ? " , and although it is often amusing it is also inherently annoying .
POS	years after the killing of the jedi , darth vader is still around causing trouble .
POS	whenever something looks fake on screen , we immediately point it out as a mistake .
POS	another reason for going to this town was because someone in his family lives there : sue ( kate winslet ) , his cousin and a very intelligent but kinda mischevious young woman who wants to be a school teacher .
NEG	first of all , nobody talks like this .
POS	he does an outstanding writing and directing job here , the film's structure is flawless and its flows together perfectly .
POS	for instance , dave ( mark addy ) is worried about his weight , horse ( paul barber ) thinks he may be inadequate , and gerald ( tom wilkinson ) is worried about his reputation and timing .
POS	although , the mtv-style cuts did get on my nerves after a while during long sequences .
NEG	as mr . freeze , arnold schwarzenegger gives his worst performance in years , spitting out a stream of lame catch phrases in wooden fashion .
NEG	now don't think i condone this just because i'm male .
NEG	however , his good friend walter j . hill ( robert mitchum ) happens to be very good lawyer , so jack might even prove his innocence in the end .
NEG	i think the blame for this should be placed on the script .
POS	directed by dennis dugan ( director of happy gilmore ) , the movie remains a good couple of hours to pass the time with .
POS	she orders a huge pie-making machine , cackling , " chickens go in ; pies come out . "
NEG	they should know that the way for a film to create a really creepy sociopath is cast someone who generally plays mild , sympathetic , or even ineffectual character roles .
POS	usually , romantic pictures are of the shameless puppy-dog sort ( the recent tom hanks/meg ryan-starrer " you've got mail " immediately pops to mind ) , but with this film , i grew to care more about the characters and their plight .
POS	above all , this is a fun movie .
NEG	too bad that almost every single person or plot-line is out of sync .
POS	what this film does is use a different medium to tell that story .
NEG	with her face on the floor , she gazes into the rubble , then grins abruptly and says " oh , my car keys ! "
POS	but margaret's hectic world is about to get a lot more complicated .
POS	her role is instantly likeable .
POS	completely isolated from the rest of the world , stands fort spencer .
NEG	to be fair , however , marilyn manson's " long hard road out of hell " effectively compliments spawn's return to earth , while filter and the crystal method's " ( can't you ) trip like i do " proves a surprisingly fitting theme song .
POS	they throw him on stage , right in front of his beloved maggie .
POS	some time ago , a young director was given the opportunity to direct the screen version of a popular novel .
POS	or do fans giggle when he screams at the top of his lungs at people ?
POS	what kind of a wedding singer he is is even less important .
POS	does men live up to its press ?
NEG	whilst he is cryogenically frozen .
NEG	it feels like the matrix , mission : impossible 2 , and cleopatra jones and the casino of gold all rolled into one .
POS	what seemingly was just a passing hard time for gaz suddenly transformed itself into desperation when he cannot afford the 700 pounds of child-support money to his ex-wife .
NEG	certainly no one would rent ed wood's glen or glenda ?
NEG	so is this the worst movie that i've seen all year ?
NEG	i mean , hey , i've been known to stretch a weekend into a three-day outing , if friday looks to be a slow day .
NEG	but beck's family and emotional problems take a back seat to the action and thrills in dead-bang .
POS	he's traveling terra incognita here , and it shows .
NEG	in fact , " virus " should at least be mediocre ; the fact that bruno could have worked under a man like cameron - a director who , if anything , just knows how to make a movie - and then make a film like " virus " is just another detraction fairly aimed at this z-grade schlockfest of a film , albeit a z-grade schlockfest with a respectable budget .
NEG	agent wd-40 ( leslie nielsen ) trying to save the world from an almost deranged madman played by andy griffith .
POS	but that does not mean that the film itself is bad .
NEG	they are boring , faceless , and completely unlikeable .
POS	" good will hunting " is two movies in one : an independent take on the struggle of four boston pals and a traditional hollywood , " prodigy child " film complete with upbeats , downfalls , sporadically moving situations and plenty , plenty of shtick .
NEG	when marty discovers that bob is a widower , he invites bob to join his poker game and introduces him with the declaration , " this is bob !
NEG	the only laughs i got out of this bleak look at an american subculture , was hearing how a few pimps retired and what they are now up to .
POS	his next role , that of a deceased pediatrician in what dreams may come , was unfortunately lackluster .
POS	there's a lot to like in _election_ , but the plot similarities to _rushmore_ , and the tonal nosedive it takes as it gets explicitly sex-driven , mark this as a disappointment .
POS	therefore , judge burke sends for a law marshall to come in and clean up the city .
NEG	the thug , in a manipulative , iago-like manner ( though he doesn't really need to try hard ) , manages to talk the boyfriend into binge-drinking , smoking grass , running away from cops , and playing peeping tom on his own girlfriend in a matter of minutes .
POS	corey yuen's latest film , " hero " is notable on two fronts .
POS	one night , after his ikea- furnished condo explodes ( don't ask-- you'll just have to see the movie , awright ? ) , he is goaded by tyler into a fight , and damned if it doesn't feel good .
POS	she is involved in numerous extracurricular activities , always has her hand up first in class , and is extremely popular among most of the student body .
NEG	the screenplay was partly written by robert towne , who wrote the best scenario of the seventies in " chinatown , " but this script is perfunctory at best , and terrrible at worst .
NEG	a satanic cult wants the girl to switch over to their side , while the girl's aunt wants to . . . well ,
POS	it's not often that a plot development takes me by surprise the way this one did .
POS	we follow the logic of their deduction step by methodical step , puzzling like they do every time andromeda behaves in a way we don't expect .
NEG	firestorm , the directorial debut of dances with wolves's academy award winning cinematographer dean semler , is the first of the new year's crop of movies .
POS	william " old shoe " schumann ( woody harrelson ) , an ex-military officer who turns out to be a first-class psycho .
POS	you very much ! !
POS	namely , some of the most important action sequences ( like the parting of the red sea ) were done almost entirely in 3d .
NEG	yes , that bill murray !
NEG	will and julie hit it off , and along with friends karla ( brandy norwood ) and tyrell ( mekhi phifer ) , the foursome heads off to a radio station-giveaway vacation in the tropics .
POS	they always try for the same thing that eddie murphy and nick nolte had .
NEG	breakdown could of been a far more enjoyable picture had it had a stronger cast and director .
POS	this story is about a 4th network , wbn , taking to america's airwaves in 1939 .
POS	his demeanor also puts his relationship with a local townsgirl ( sissy spacek ) at risk .
POS	crying as they do so , the family finishes the meal .
POS	also hanging around these losers is babs , future universal studios employee and serious bitch .
NEG	bear in mind , though , that this is merely the worst segment of a movie made up of nothing but low points .
POS	it maybe wasn't best picture material , but it certainly deserved a screenplay nod ( instead of elizabeth ) , and bill murray's absense from the ballot is a complete snub .
POS	if straying from the path leads to death , then it's not a good idea--but if that's what you have to risk to get sex and knowledge ( and therefore power ) , then maybe it's worth the risk .
NEG	not content with a traditional firefighting story , chris soth's screenplay attempts to jazz it up by having william forsythe from palookaville play a vicious killer named randy earl shaye who sets a forest fire so that he can join the crew to put it out and then escape .
POS	even so , the strengths of _election_ rely upon its fantastic performances from broderick , witherspoon , and newcomer jessica campbell , as paul's anti-social sister , tammy .
POS	he doesn't seem to be receiving as much recognition as the others , but i still found him to possess quite a real sense of being .
NEG	i can't buy into any of this nonsense just because the movie wants me to .
NEG	but the script is so deliriously uneven , the entire movie so off course , that no human being or technical achievement has a chance to salvage it .
NEG	watching the film , i couldn't help but notice its similarities with 1997's far , far superior film " the sweet hereafter , " which dealt with a lawyer , played brilliantly by ian holm , investigating a school bus accident that killed a number of children .
NEG	i felt like the director wasn't very interested in the proceedings himself , almost like he made this film for a paycheck .
NEG	the film's best moment ( and that's not saying much ) is a bit part by steven seagal , playing himself .
POS	insurrection , however , does a surprisingly good job of us new aspects of the characters .
POS	bob the happy bastard's quickie review :
NEG	capshaw's character is as good as i have seen present in recent romantic comedies , but the people that surround her are all either underwritten or purely one-dimensional .
POS	for its familiarity and for its charming leads , i recommend american pie , but the buzz on this film had me expecting something . . . fresher .
POS	back to men in black ( is it just me , or does that sound funny ? )
NEG	budget , de bont and screenwriter david self make hash out of a perfectly lovely piece of terror .
POS	with an affectation for freeze frames , he delivers a unique take on the film's action and love scenes that places out of sight a notch above routine crime films .
POS	instantly , we realize this was simply in judith's mind , as we see the same woman just sit down at the table and begin talking to her friends .
NEG	he brings along with him his guitar playing musicians , the ones he used when courting her , when he serenaded her under her window .
POS	there is no ocean , no drownings and it does not conjure up memories of yet another ? ordinary people' .
POS	the other stand-out is hopkins who seems to be making a career out of portraying american presidents ( he also played the title role in " nixon " ) .
NEG	" feel bad now ! "
POS	of course the film isn't always realistic ; it's more fiction than science .
NEG	the way this movie deals with lesbianism , we might as well be watching an overheated docudrama about aids .
NEG	few viewers questioned this serious plot hole , however , and the film has become well respected in cinema history .
POS	but anyone who allows themselves to get involved will experience a miracle , and a genuine masterpiece of a movie .
POS	we're so relieved when justice is served .
NEG	action lovers will be bored by what they will see as an interminably boring setup .
POS	the script is loosely based on john irving's novel , a prayer for owen meany , but it's so far off the source material that irving actually requested the credits be changed from 'based on' to 'suggested by . '
NEG	this scene is twisted , disturbing , and thought-provoking , because the psychological importance of the horse and its fate is left to the viewer to ponder .
POS	she's 44 years old , stuck at a dead-end job ( " $16 , 000 a year , plus retirement benefits that aren't worth a damn " ) as a flight attendant for the worst airline in north america -- and she's just been caught at the airport by atf agent ray nicolette ( portrayed with terrific childlike enthusiasm by michael keaton ) and police officer mark dargus ( michael bowen ) smuggling $50 000 from mexico for gun-runner ordell robbie ( samuel l . jackson ) , who has her bailed out by unassuming bail bondsman max cherry ( robert forster ) .
POS	felix ( sami bouajila , " the siege " ) lives a contented life with his boyfriend daniel ( pierre-loup rajot ) in the little town of dieppe in northern france .
NEG	stuck inside some object in their hotel room .
NEG	she drives the motorbiking couple off a cliff while blaring her favorite " the sound of music " on her car stereo , intent on identifying herself to her hapless victims .
NEG	a clever prank .
NEG	james gandolfini's character goes for the gun under the car in what is supposed to be a scene of " suspense " .
POS	spoofs are made of famous gangster movies , including a nice parody of the godfather .
POS	what blade excels at is bringing the classic lore of the vampire into the next century with a fresh outlook on life .
NEG	considering some of the talent involved and all the millions thrown at the screen , it's difficult to see how it could have failed so miserably .
NEG	it has a retread plot -- this isn't the first time jean-claude has played twins .
POS	go is a very easy movie to absorb into , and the audience really starts feeling for these characters .
POS	leer is similar , a guy who equates quirks with depth .
POS	the character of orlock is , of course , dracula .
NEG	what i was in for was a disappointing and overlong film which was anything but the best picture of 1995 .
POS	the acting in return of the jedi is stronger than in the previous films .
POS	there are other parallels - the star of curdled is angela jones ( the top billing goes to william baldwin , but really , jones is the central character ) , who's probably best known for her role as esmerelda villalobos , the death-obssessed taxi driver in pulp fiction .
POS	it is here that shall we dance ?
NEG	here's the story .
NEG	( yes , that is sarcasm ) .
POS	the queen is reluctant at first , but decides it is best for the colony .
NEG	a low point in the careers of both stars .
POS	he showers them with elaborate gifts to buy the love they had already given him anyway .
POS	the story , both about the joys of living life to the fullest as well as the social ills of segregation , captures the essence of statement-making in the cinema .
POS	instead of getting into the computer at protovision software he accidentally comes to the frontgate of norad .
POS	as in the first picture , there's a slick , self-mocking prologue .
POS	the film's ending has been recognized as the most entirely uplifting moment of any film released recently , but i found it to be truly discerning and upsetting .
NEG	whatever .
POS	" a donut king , so is she like the queen ? , "
POS	tom hanks and tim allen again disappear into their roles as woody and buzz , making you forget who is doing the voice .
NEG	his name is , in all actuality , 1900 .
POS	better in a smaller , more pivotal role is ed harris as christof , who mixes the right amount of his apollo 13 " work the problem , people " character with dustin hoffman's megaglomaniac producer in _wag the dog_ , and then only slightly svengalian .
NEG	they take her in to meet the president of the united states , president beck ( morgan freeman ) .
NEG	now , movie-goers are looking for the sophistication of titanic -- visuals that are so well-incorporated that it's impossible to tell where they end and where " reality " begins .
POS	don't let the premise prevent you from watching it .
NEG	poor kip screws the pooch and bungles the job badly .
POS	i just hope hollywood keeps creating losers on the big screen , they make everyone look and feel great .
NEG	don't expect any more explanation , because you won't get it .
POS	lang makes rainbow a martyr to contrast his humanity against the recklessness of his human counterparts .
POS	cu-sack . cu-sack - no , not quite as cool .
NEG	well , welcome to the 90s , where a sorta suave hitman , also called the jackal ( bruce willis ) , trying to kill the head of the fbi . . . or
POS	maxime is so much in love with camille that he plans to and does leave his wife .
NEG	i certainly expected more from long-time director john frankenheimer who directed the classic political thriller , the manchurian candidate--as well as black sunday , seven days in may , and the french connection ii .
POS	the film has an atypical period look , as well .
POS	while some of the lines fall flat , the formulaic motions work because of the unexpectedly electric chemistry between ford and heche .
POS	their last bout pitted them against each other and was a draw , leaving bobby's record at 5-5-1 .
POS	her newest film , written by sabrina dhawan , is very similar to previous films like betsy's wedding but it is set in new delhi .
NEG	go see the ninth gate . . . now
POS	urban legend begins with a sequence that reminded me of the classic scream opener , not so much in plotting as in attention to detail that makes for an absolutely chilling teaser for the rest of the film .
POS	and couldn't christof have turned off the wind , to strand truman at sea ?
NEG	uh-huh .
NEG	although 1998's " halloween : h20 " was also a disappointment , at least she was given a few scenes to develop a character , unlike here .
POS	dreamworks is the first studio to prove that they've got the stuff of success , and that they're capable of challenging disney .
POS	now , with that in mind , coupled with the knowledge of jodie foster's involvement in the project , i thought " what in the world is foster doing in a sci-fi blockbuster ? ? ? " .
POS	he's essentially a computer-animated sidekick who says things like " exqueeze me ? "
NEG	it works as a buddy movie , which it does not overplay .
POS	nor is the event itself .
POS	burton's re-imagining of the 1968 story of an astronaut that lands on a planet where apes rule men looks great .
POS	the sheer horrific audacity of the nazi plan to exterminate the jews of europe is almost incomprehensible .
POS	with more and more television shows having gay characters , and even the infamous " ellen " sitcom being centered on the life of a lesbian , the movie industry too seems to be gaining more and more homosexual based plot lines .
POS	written by john grisham and robert altman ( as al hayes )
POS	gas stations are the same .
NEG	so the two pretend to date for some reason , but only after hart gives grenier a bath to turn him into a hunky stud .
POS	the first comes from the scenes which follow the opening sequence .
NEG	regardless of motive , de mornay and banderas strip down and have sex several times in what passes for eroticism .
NEG	in order to make a teen comedy work , you've got to have characters that show something by way of depth and identity .
POS	having seen several other movies and documentaries about slavery , i doubted that there was much i didn't already know about it .
POS	the book , of course , was mario puzo's the godfather .
NEG	loathing each other all the while , they make periodic stops for tomas to puke on the dashboard or pass out -- whenever he isn't muttering what a rotten kid she turned out to be .
NEG	back home , their second coupling is interrupted by ellie bursting in to tell mona she thinks porter's cheating on her .
POS	he also has the doctor convince smart and sexy nurse amanda ( elizabeth barondes ) to move in with johnson as his private nurse so as to give him the blood transfusions which he constantly requires .
POS	and on the side , it's a hilarious comedy .
NEG	it's as if he had a great story to tell , but instead opted for the easier route .
NEG	and at the end of the whole clich ? d ordeal , the nicest thing you could possibly say would be ` . . . .
POS	" rat race " is a riot , with terrific no-holds-barred performances from the diverse cast .
NEG	alas , the monkey showed up at the end , unharmed , to the wet sickly sound of gagging and rolling eyeballs .
NEG	in this film , he looks like he's trying to be funny , trying to be bad , trying to be good .
POS	with most modern slasher movies like friday the 13th and what-not , you can just simply sit back in your chair and be frightened by the gore that is shown .
POS	then , 30 minutes into the movie , boom !
POS	once the double murder at stab becomes big news , the media converges on windsor , looking to interview the original victim .
POS	osnard turns in reports about the " silent opposition , " a group threatening to upset the balance of control over the canal .
POS	such informative tidbits include : the original title of the film was going to be book of the dead ( and in fact when the film premiered in 1981 that was it's title ) and when they were asked to change the title to the evil dead , everyone thought it was the worst title they had ever heard .
NEG	sam is broke .
NEG	she's going on a cruise with her new boy-friend alex ( jason patric ) , and of course it is her ship that is kidnapped by john geiger ( willem dafoe ) who has a bone to pick with the shipping line .
POS	that made the subject matter just a little too timely .
NEG	rather than slinking back home and disappointing their dad , the deedles play along .
POS	to those people i would like to say ? what the hell did you expect ?
POS	the concept also runs into problems concerning just how synchronous the two realities -- 1969 and 1999 -- are to each other .
POS	that's the question i asked myself when venturing nervously into " the wedding singer , " the latest film to star the saturday night live alumnus .
POS	aside from cultural groupings and ethnic neighborhoods there are differences between individuals .
NEG	what is a disco film--especially one about the pinnacle of the movement--without the dancing ?
NEG	the star quarterback , lance harbor ( paul walker ) , is a handsome , blonde , hero who has his own billboard in his front yard and dates the sexy head cheerleader , darcy ( ali larter ) .
NEG	rounding out the impressive supporting cast are david alan grier as bob's best friend and robert loggia as marty's brother-in-law angelo .
POS	as a result , amidst much anger within the council , elizabeth becomes the queen of england .
POS	his funniest segment is when he wishes that he could be the most sensitive man in the world .
POS	david cronenberg's existenz , released only a couple of months after the matrix , was accepted and even appreciated ( by some ) , but the hype was gone .
POS	danny glover is affable as the sympathetic paul d , as is kimberly elise as denver , sethe's wanderlusting daughter .
NEG	the one extended display of nudity is of - get ready for this - a guy .
NEG	in 1998 , actor michael rapaport pleaded guilty to the aggravated harassment of lily taylor .
NEG	quality films , to put it mildly , have been few and far between , so as far as i'm concerned , it's fair to find our kicks where we may .
POS	as good as he is in the rainmaker , damon showcases the depth of his talent in good will hunting , directed by gus van sant and written by actor ben affleck and damon himself .
POS	( then again , he was the only characters face we could completely see . )
POS	to be honest , i wasn't very interested in seeing this film , and word of mouth , as well as several reviews , didn't make it sound promising .
NEG	directed by simon west with the same subtlety he brought to " con air , " " tomb raider " is an empty-headed , big budget bore .
POS	over my four years as a critic , the thing which has kept me going is the moderate balance of films .
POS	but then one day as truman leaves his house for work , a klieg light falls magically from the sky .
POS	we never see anything though , it's all implied , which gives the film a touch of class amidst its crudeness .
NEG	they're almost used to it , and the performances show it - not hewitt , nor prinze , nor brandy , nor phifer give a decent show .
POS	we , the audience , are left to puzzle out whose psyche it is that is driving this ( probably fred's , in my opinion ) and what , in that case , the other characters and events are meant to represent .
POS	mark one down .
NEG	that doesn't seem possible .
POS	immediately it is obvious that there is more going on than meets the eye .
NEG	like the slimy , slithering things that inhabit the air vents and pipes of these movies , more are waiting just around the corner in ambush .
POS	because of his drastically improved status , vincent is quickly propelled to a high position in gattaca , and catches the eye of comely co-worker irene ( uma thurman ) on the way -- obsessed with her own minor heart defect , she's enamored by his flawless persona she doesn't know is a lie .
NEG	the terror he creates looks a little too much like fugitive wannabes from the rock band kiss .
POS	this is a thinking man's slasher flick .
NEG	in some parts you can just hear them saying " more zany !
POS	his turnaround is palpable as he witnesses margaret's inherent decency and her workaday surroundings .
NEG	so when i popped the dvd into my player and sat down in my easy chair i had no idea what to expect .
NEG	part buddy comedy , part fish-out-of-water story , part nature tale , meet the deedles is not nearly as interesting as any of those archetypes .
POS	both of them indulge in a world of too much sex , and eventually too much drugs .
NEG	critique : with plot holes the size of my ass , this movie barely squeezes any sense out of its clich ? -ridden plot , with wasted talent , cheezy effects , bad dialogue and unintentional laughs to boot .
POS	analyze this
NEG	the film opens with the cbs 60 minutes team in iran with the assignment to interview a terrorist .
NEG	she crawls away from the accident with a concussion and finds herself a bungalow with an unlocked door to sleep .
POS	go see it !
NEG	by the end of the movie , the blood vessels in my palm were all broken open from me pounding my forehead with my hand .
POS	sleepy hollow , his newest feature which fans have been anticipating for a while , shares the similar dark and atmospheric style of his earlier work and counts among his better movies .
POS	at first the talking-directly-into-the-camera-schtick had me vaguely annoyed , mostly because it reminded me so much of the film body shots which used a similar conceit , but it began to grow on me due almost entirely to cusack's witty delivery .
NEG	ok . . .
NEG	the ridiculous plot begins when an alien " bug " , played weirdly by vincent d'onofrio , who was so great in full metal jacket , lands on earth to retrieve a galaxy that's somewhere on " orion's belt . "
POS	i prefer films like these because these are what the best kind of films are like .
POS	he get's his ass to mars .
NEG	justifying why the apes spoke english may have even been the inspiration for his surprise ending .
NEG	and with a $70 mill .
NEG	the one bright spot here is jean reno , who oddly enough seems to fit well into a role which is often comedic , quite unlike what we've seem him do in the past .
POS	after the war is over arnold assigned to interview furtwangler and members of his orchestra and if appropriate to prosecute him for war crimes .
NEG	yes , i do . . .
NEG	i know i have seen all the plot elements of sexy beast in old westerns like the law and jake wade .
NEG	action films are supposed to become progressively more invigorating as they rush towards a conclusion .
NEG	can't we find out these things in a less grating matter , like maybe in a flashback ?
POS	distracting to say the least .
POS	from a technical point-of-view , the space battles are amazing , easily hindering anything depicted in the previous films .
POS	this stunt , building an aquarium on the school's baseball diamond , is a plot to steal the heart of widowed elementary teacher rosemary cross ( olivia williams ) .
NEG	yes , he is also built like a tank in this film too .
NEG	but slowly sammy's deceptions begin to haunt him .
POS	he's sonny coufax , a man who's living off a settlement he got for a cab running over his foot and his one-day-a-week gig as a tollbooth man ( tollbooth willie ? ) .
POS	matt damon , who recently starred as the idealistic young lawyer in the rainmaker , is solid ( although not spectacular ) as will .
POS	the other roles also go to accomplished actors .
NEG	just teens whining about who's going to take them to the big dance .
POS	through a day of near disasters , they cont inually meet , get in one another's way , cause trouble for one another , and generally insult one another at every opportunity .
NEG	it would appear he has left asia for a 90 minute pop video .
POS	and to make matters worse , ringwald's performance matches her appearance .
POS	the final scene alone is enough to send a massive chill down your spine , and i was especially impressed with the director's choice of music near the end .
NEG	" metro " is a film that lasted a little too long , but it was still entertaining , and it gave me something to do while i waited for it to end .
NEG	not surprisingly , the most energetic performance is given by samuel l . jackson , but his harry isn't a person ; he's a walking plot device spouting occasionally-witty dialogue .
POS	much of the film is a lot of people standing around looking at video screens and computer readouts .
NEG	walsh ) fantasizes about the babysitter ; the mother fantasizes about her husband's best friend .
NEG	here , jet is given the opportunity to show off in a way that " lethal weapon 4 " ( jet's u . s . debut ) didn't allow .
POS	bruce barth's mellow piano plays in the background as conflict erupts in a little country town of florida .
NEG	and when i rewatched " independence day , " not only did it not look cooler at all on the big screen , but i felt insulted the whole time .
POS	his use of opera during the climax really does add a punch and his ingenious way of utilizing the imperial march as a sort of prophecy is chilling .
NEG	if this is the sort of thing you don't mind , you might like the film .
NEG	the script is lousy and contrived , the characters flat and two dimensional .
NEG	with ivan reitman as director , bill murray as star and harold ramis as co-star and co-screenwriter , it seemed like it would be ghostbusters in the army .
POS	this picture brings it right into your living room and makes you think outside of our own small world , something we don't do enough of in 90's america .
POS	better yet , why couldn't they have co-existed ?
POS	though an unlikely pair , duchovny and driver gradually warm up to each other as the movie progresses .
POS	a plot synopsis for the thin red line is difficult , because the story is fractured .
NEG	in fact , " virus " is yet another in the long line of action/horror/paranoia thrillers from the " aliens " vein : a group of people are dropped into a mysterious situation only to find a mortally-threatening entity is out to get them , a textbook example hailing all the way back to the early talkies , and maybe even to the first pictures , albeit redeveloped by cameron in his 1986 blockbuster that earned him esteem and bigger budgets to come in his future .
POS	joblo has now officially left the sanity of his mind and this building .
NEG	in fact , if the whole movie had been promoted as a subtle comedy , even if it was the exact same film , i would actually give it a better grade .
NEG	when a group of students fix up an old house to use as a clinic in the andy hardy " hey , let's put on a play !
POS	although it is a superbly-realized film , it relies in large part upon prior familiarity with some of the characters to carry the story , and that could detract from some people's enjoyment .
POS	on my four-star scale , i give dolores claiborne three stars .
NEG	such films as metro , doctor dolittle , holy man , life , and bowfinger have reduced a once great comedic persona to a living and breathing washed-up hack performing as a studio puppet for 20th century fox and universal pictures .
NEG	the main character ( and i use that term lightly , since no one in wild things shows more than an occasional flash of personality ) is sam lombardo ( matt dillon ) , a guidance counselor at florida's blue bay high school .
NEG	that's about it for character development .
NEG	i mean , who can resist the story of your average joe becomming a celebrity by having his life filmed every minute of every day ?
NEG	they are idiots , and we're expected to root for them .
NEG	of course , the patient is not cooperative and the doctor only has a few hours to comply with their demands , before they kill his daughter .
NEG	we all know that you can do much better than this gunk .
POS	he molds characters which are true to life and also fun to watch into a plot that is straightforward and robust .
NEG	a lot of the lines ( especially hughley's ) appear to be made up as they go along , by people with little gift for ad-lib .
NEG	one survivor finally does turn up , nadia ( joanna pacula ) , who informs the suicidal and stern captain ( donald sutherland ) and one of the crew , kit foster ( jamie lee curtis ) , that a mysterious alien life form hit the santi mir space station which then was transported down to the ship , taking over the minds of all of the electrical machines and thinking that humans are viruses that should be completely wiped out .
POS	after confronting a big-name producer named jerry renfro ( robert downey jr . ) in a restaurant , an agreement is made to finance the movie .
NEG	a local gang with too much time on its hands makes a list detailing all of the people that its members think might be suspects .
NEG	aside from a beautiful jewel thief ( famke janssen ) and a couple of crew members , there's no one on board .
POS	in particular , unzipped traces mizrahi's development of his fall 1994 line from its inception in the spring to the final fashion show , which highlights a number of prominent models , including cindy crawford , naomi campbell , kate bush , and linda evangelista .
POS	one of them is an accomplished musician who spends his days playing the piano and promising to play a concert when sarajevo is declared the most dangerous place on earth .
NEG	delro lindo as issac o'day carries himself well in the film .
POS	i would say no .
NEG	oh , how i wish you had heard them .
NEG	what are we going to do with jim carrey ?
NEG	i think it's important for the man behind the music to recognize that this film isn't a " real epic " by any stretch of the imagination .
POS	i have compared will to a foster child and that's not entirely fair .
NEG	onto the stove and , with an i-know-what-you-like look on his face , says he's going to give her the " aunt jemima treatment , " which means shoving a spatula under her butt repeatedly .
NEG	we need to get new ideas and stop recycling old ones just to make money at the box-office .
NEG	once there they stroll over , knock on the door and explore the still-operational ufo .
NEG	then she starts to cry , and through her tears exclaims " merry christmas , dad ! "
POS	what we see in this film is much more credible than the phenomena we saw in volcano .
POS	if these two characters were not enough , there's the struggling boxer butch coolidge ( bruce willis ) , the two small-time criminals pumpkin ( tim roth ) and honey bunny ( amanda plummer ) , the big man in charge marsellus wallace ( ving rhames ) and his attractive young wife mia ( uma thurman ) , and the " problem solver " himself , the wolf ( harvey keitel ) .
POS	everywhere they encourage mike to look for a replacement " honey " and then keep vigil over his progress , or lack of it .
POS	like harold lloyd or buster keaton , chan takes pride in putting his physical self on the line in pursuit of his artistry and is a joy to watch .
POS	the strands have varying degrees of bizarre content .
NEG	in the final twenty minutes or so , lemmon meets a girl he thinks is the one , then loses her ; matthau talks to his son ( a wasted jonathan silverman ) about his amrriage to lemmon's daughter ; and , of course , lemmon and matthau have another roomie situation on their hands .
NEG	jakob gets off easy and he gets to hear approximately 30 seconds of a radio broadcast .
POS	he agrees to take the job ( in which you are guaranteed to become a millionaire within three years ) of selling stock to well-off americans from the mid-west over the telephone and begins to fit in quite well with his co-workers .
POS	the small town eagerly awaits both events , and both seem quite astronomical , but little does anyone know how much one will affect the other .
NEG	with crude humor , an intolerable script and 2 hours and 19 minutes of pure torture , i'm surprised i didn't walk out .
POS	while jackie brown may disappoint those looking for another pulp fiction clone , it marks tremendous growth of mr . tarantino as a director whose horizons are rapidly expanding , and whose characterizations have never been better .
NEG	3 .
POS	while watching this picture you are completely mesmerized , never taking your eyes off the screen , nor checking your watch to see how much longer it's gonna last , despite its 3 hour plus running time .
POS	when dealing with a series with as much history as this , it's not entirely necessary to re-introduce your characters with each episode .
POS	he will pay for information harry has gathered from his upscale clientele .
NEG	i am forced to wonder whether turteltaub and di pego did not think that we could figure out what instinct is about simply from regular conversation .
NEG	the film moves along at a rather slow pace , but does have one advantage : the soundtrack which is catchy and vibrant except the first song which can be offensive to some .
POS	the movie manages to maintain consistent chuckles throughout , putting the emphasis on 3 or 4 really big laughs that will have audiences grasping their sides .
POS	however , it's a film that truly earns its happy ending after the misery and repression of the character's lives .
NEG	in good will hunting he became a serious actor and won an oscar for it .
NEG	this character is not smart , not interesting , and ( deliberately ? )
POS	on this advice , director john frankenheimer ( the island of dr .
NEG	we get an endless parade of quick-cuts , split-screens , zoom-outs , zoom-ins , and rotating cameras , all in an effort to cover up the sheer stupidity of the script .
POS	a few particulars which didn't strike my fancy included the bulimia and " orgy " sequence with christine taylor , the break-dance fighting , and i also never get why they use real countries in plots like this ( why not just " make up " a country , instead of zeroing in on a certain people ? ) .
POS	but even too many explosions can get boring .
NEG	when the picture pulls back to reveal the owner of the eye , however , things change .
NEG	* in the fights , each of the characters does at least * one * thing they do in the game ( and often more ) .
NEG	but where's the zaniness ?
POS	the muppet movie begins in a movie theater , where all of the muppet stars are anxiously awaiting the first showing .
NEG	jimmie takes anne out for dinner to the restaurant specifically used for proposals , and attempts to ask for her hand in marriage .
POS	the visual aspect of the film is one of the key elements , since it portrays the contrast between these computer-simulated universes .
NEG	just get a real taste of some clever , witty , risky comedy .
NEG	he runs around the fields , chasing cars and people .
POS	the " submarine " genre of movies seems to be one of the most intriguing and compelling types of storytelling there is .
POS	the fight scenes , particularly those toward the end of the film , are unparallelled in most american films .
POS	if you're looking for a good scare , however , sleepy hollow is definately recommended .
POS	if it lacks in plot and in acting it makes up for it through imagination and excitement .
NEG	she smokes cigarettes and drinks hard liquor -- two sure signs that the devil is at work .
POS	i think it is , and i'll tell you why .
POS	by the time the five friends return home and as the wedding draws nearer , most of them are overcome with guilt , which sets off an even more elaborate series of event , that includes much , much more murder , double-crosses , and the inevitable wedding from hell .
POS	max's obvious fondness for jackie will become a major benefactor in her fight to beat both sides of the system , and forster plays him with subtle charm that adds depth to unbrewed romance .
NEG	sad , and creatively lazy .
POS	no , alien resurrection is not the great film that ridley scott's alien or the even greater film that james cameron's aliens was .
POS	after a spate of flighty , cookie-cutter teen films , the romantic drama addresses alcoholism and parental loss along with its love story .
POS	they even come up with an inspired riff on something that's baffled scholars and theologians alike for decades : the chicken vs . egg dilemma .
NEG	what is danny glover doing here , grinning and yeehawing his way through the messy plot ?
POS	contact is based on the novel by carl sagan and deals heavily with the subject of science vs . religion .
POS	herman manages to destroy max's bike , while max cuts herman's brakes , and it goes on like this .
POS	others say the special effects are cheesy and that it's boring .
NEG	morgan freeman has been infinitely better than this , and gives one of his most shallow performances to date ( which is quite remarkable for him ) .
NEG	we get a taste for their personal style and how they get the upper hand .
NEG	however , the first 85 minutes are just a warm-up for the ending , which is as anticlimactic as it is profoundly dissatisfying .
NEG	unsuccessfully attempting to gain the woman's favor , he takes pictures of her and kills a number of people in his way .
NEG	after some mumbo-jumbo about an ecological disaster on earth and an interminable wait to reach the fourth planet , the ship falls apart almost as fast as the movie does .
NEG	the director must be kidding himself if he thinks we do .
POS	askew is slightly successful , being rather obnoxious .
NEG	the sense of deja vu was overwhelming .
POS	included are two separate running commentary tracks : the first features writer/director sam raimi and producer rob tapert and the second track features the film's star , bruce campbell .
NEG	>from " close encounters " , they solve a sound puzzle and play it to the aliens .
POS	there is a great sense of comradeship between gerard and his two closest deputies cosmo renfo ( pantoliano ) and biggs ( roebuck ) .
POS	ingredients : starving artist lusting after a beautiful woman from his childhood
POS	in his first feature film in five years , lynch delivers a film second only to his debut picture " eraserhead " on the weirdness scale .
NEG	maybe that's why the film's title is mentioned twice during the end credits , right between james spader and robert forster .
POS	and to take make things " worse " it proves this through its original , fascinating story .
NEG	garofalo plays a campaign aide to a massacusetts senator ( jay o . sanders ) running for reelection .
NEG	on the way -- they're hitchhiking , because who knew you needed tickets to take a bus ?
POS	what makes the story bearable , aside from the terrific costumes and 80s music , are the performances .
POS	titanic , then , is a wonder of directing , acting and cgi , but not writing and story .
POS	but even assassins have innocent pasts .
POS	curiously each film seems to arrange to have a signature scene with characters holding on to some large metal object that is about to fall some great distance .
NEG	this time out the nod to asia goes by way of france in the excruciating bland and lukewarm production of the musketeer , a version of dumas's the three musketeers .
NEG	dr . fuentes starts out incredibly naive .
NEG	also , gary oldman is never a bad actor , even though he is typecast as a villain .
POS	i think that people who find this film offensive will just be blindsided by the honesty of the story . ?
NEG	in flashback , we see the most excruciating crimes exacted on eric and his lover , and then we watch in real-time as eric pays each perpetrator back in kind .
NEG	as it is , i wonder if it doesn't give kids the wrong impression .
NEG	that might explain why travolta bought the rights to the novel years ago .
POS	i laughed at all the disney swipes , but found the mentality behind them a bit sad .
NEG	it's totally absurd . . .
POS	antonio banderas , who is almost like a guilty pleasure these days ( i'm one of the few people who thinks he rocks ) , is extremely comanding in his performance , presenting a lovable narrator .
NEG	not as bad as thora birch was in dungeons & dragons , but entirely miscast , with bad deliveries , awful sequences and a piss-poor accent that comes and goes .
POS	how great could the music for a silly little comedy be for it to get it's own isolated track ?
POS	it does the job , i guess , accomplishes what it should , bringing the three films full circle , but upon my first viewing it seemed rather dissatisfying because it appears a little too contrived , too arbitrary ; after a second viewing , which i endeavored upon due to this recurring disapprobation , the killer ? ? ? s identity still seems a little too random , but his motivation came across more sound this time around , and the eventual conclusion was ultimately more satisfying .
POS	i enjoyed this movie alot because mike judge knew how to keep pace .
NEG	it's just a textbook romance where , despite absurd circumstances , everything is bound to work out in the end .
NEG	selena is unaware of course that kara has also arrived on earth , and that she's arrived as supergirl ( complete with appropriate costume ) .
POS	both deal with the hardships of family life .
NEG	these and other plot threads get fed to the detective who's on the case ( michael douglas ) , who has a few problems himself .
NEG	the reunion of lemmon and matthau in " grumpy old men " six years ago was delightful , and its sequel seemed appropriate because it tied up some loose ends from the first movie .
POS	there are , of course , little elements that the makers have included as payoff to the fans , but i'll keep those as surprises .
POS	he foams at the mouth and cannot even finish sewing a leather wallet as presents for his daughters .
POS	although willis gets top billing , cole is really the protagonist of the story , and osment truly brings the complex kid to life .
POS	it is after this point , when you are plenty uncomfortable and wondering just how far fincher will go to say something original , that the film uncorks a disappointing plot twist .
POS	although de heer's touch is at times overbearing , bubby's salvation is touching ; what seemd at first a harsh lesson in the damaging effects of the social construction of reality becomes a na ? ve humanist tale of improbable hope .
NEG	the basic plot of a gangster wanting to become legitimate echoes " the godfather " .
POS	it keep jumping around from past to present , so it obviously took awhile to get a grasp of things .
POS	it apparently helps if you're drunk while you're doing it .
POS	if you can imagine that , then you've basically got jerry fletcher .
POS	but he was surprisingly devilish and cold in his portrayal of a cop-gone-bad .
POS	if there are any complaints , it is over drew barrymore's performance .
NEG	it is an old plot dressed up to look new .
NEG	to be honest , when i left the theatre , i just had to laugh at how witless the film was .
NEG	i shouldn't blame del toro .
POS	it boasts the most amazing effects that i have ever seen done to date .
NEG	it's nothing more than a special effects-extravaganza ; visually impressive , but intellectually hollow thriller that simply doesn't engage .
NEG	just about the most profound thought they can inject into this film is when they have macdougal lecture baker on the semantic difference between " entrapment " and " blackmail " .
NEG	until she gets a phone call from a familiar evil voice .
POS	in fact , this is the way all stories begin since it's impossible to know the history of a character , their feelings , values , morals , etc . until after we've observed them for a while .
POS	editing is great , and photography by caleb deschanel provides many memorable scenes like the funeral in the desert or astronauts in their suits walking in slow motion ( the same image would be copied in many latter films ) .
NEG	perhaps one of its major problems was that in its attempts to be a relatively uncommercial motion picture , zaillian has misplaced its refreshing unconventional attitude with an absence of magnetism and even meaning .
POS	( r ) tom hanks's screenwriting and directorial debut , that thing you do ! , has all the qualities you would associate with the most beloved screen actor of the moment : fun , lively , and oh-so-nice .
POS	tavington does not represent his country ; his unnecessary executions shock his own colleagues and even anger his general .
POS	falk is amusing in his small role , while famke janssen nearly breaks your heart as bobby's lowlife girlfriend .
NEG	( for example , no one can recognize capt . amazing in his secret identity because he's wearing glasses . )
NEG	but if you ask me , the real truth of the matter is that the chinese critics association were determined not to punish the population into viewing richard gere running across rooftops in search for a fellow american .
NEG	there is also some rampant product placement in the film , most notably for popeye's , tylenol , and a&w root beer , with the latter actually putting its logo on the t-shirt of one of the rapists ( ? ! ) .
NEG	together , they barely have five minutes of screen time , but i suppose that ricci's hospital room scene might be worth a look for some of you horn-dogs .
POS	if he did find it the series would over anyway so what are you complaining about ?
NEG	i didn't like it .
POS	his other wishes also end up with some strange but funny twist that short-circuits his new life .
NEG	but it is indeed the pathetic performances that provide the bulk of _knock_off_'s laughs .
POS	the days are cloudy and unpromising .
POS	watch out for the next one , it should be one steamy encounter between queen amidala and anakin skywalker - who i believe should be portrayed by ? leonardo di caprio .
POS	will nello make the fateful trip to join his mother and grandfather in paradise ?
NEG	a fairly good idea , however it's let down by one slight problem .
NEG	so , our pal al has been uplifted to hell , and while his transformation from normal guy to spawn takes place , his ol' partner terry forms a relationship with his wife .
POS	a common complaint amongst film critics is " why aren't there more literate scripts available ? "
NEG	these visuals work nicely .
NEG	francis is the type of boy who always has a lot to say , but mostly fluctuates between sarcasm and frightening honesty , and it quickly becomes apparent that he may very well be a little psychotic , even capable of brutal murder .
POS	amarcord was often noted as the ultimate nostalgia film , and it probably explains why it is very popular , even among those people who actually don't like federico fellini's work very much .
NEG	it deserves no better than to get sunk by the unstoppable titanic , which should plow sphere under on its way to a ninth-consecutive weekend atop the box office heap .
POS	this film is amarcord , 1974 comedy by famous italian director federico fellini , which later gave inspiration to numerous imitations and homages , and even led few american screen artists to adopt its heretical views about benefits of small town life .
NEG	in certain circles , " snake eyes " was being advertised as a kind of modern day version of kurosawa's classic " rashomon , " where a crime is told from the four different ( and i mean different ) perspectives , and it looks as though it may actually be just like this with the opening , which , i might add , is superb .
NEG	the profanity count , alone , is too high .
NEG	in what was probably intended for the television pilot the film opens with a great vibrancy showing dancing 60s style under the credits .
POS	in a lot of ways jurassic park : the lost world was a creative three-way braiding together of michael crichton's novel the lost world , arthur conan doyle's novel the lost world , and the classic silent film version of the doyle .
NEG	united in their mutual attraction and their mutual loathing of sam , jjaks and freddie take off together , but sam isn't ready to let them go without a fight .
POS	i am particularly partial of the ? f-word scene' , in which ralphie blurts out the shocking four-letter obscenity while helping the old man in the yard .
POS	just as a builder follows a designer's blueprint or a conductor follows a composer's score , why shouldn't we follow the rules of life given to us by life's architect for our own blessing ?
POS	the event horizon is actually a ship built for a secret experimental purpose ; it has the ability to fold time and space thus making it possible for travelling distances not reachable in a man's lifetime .
POS	deft direction by robert redford and keen performances by ralph fiennes , john turturro and rob morrow dovetail perfectly with the carefully honed script .
POS	( this is a bad omen for his next movie , " the story of us , " which chronicles the ups and downs of a marriage ) .
POS	we're told that an army known as `the trade federation' has set up a blockade around an seemingly insignificant planet called naboo .
NEG	andie macdowell takes a weirdly unappealing role and does what she can with the screenplay's most bizarre subplot , which finds charlton heston as her rifle toting , billionaire daddy and marian seldes as her alcoholic , wheelchair-bound , foul-mouthed mother .
NEG	and finally , " will the manager give me a refund ? "
NEG	my giant is a forced , contrived , and conspicuously un-cute ( i detest the word " cute " but i've chosen to use it because the makers clearly wanted to create a " cute " film here ) .
NEG	sure , why not ?
NEG	far be it from me to want to see more carnage in the theaters , but here's a behemoth running through the city !
POS	seventeen years later scorsese returned to mean streets of new york with another film that dealt with darker side of american organised crime .
POS	you jack into a virtual reality game using a quivering pink gooey animal like apparatus ( referred to simply as a " pod " ) .
NEG	the before mentioned three were the only actors from part two that i thought could act , well they seemed to have lost that ability .
NEG	and i'll stand there staring 'til i get a straight answer .
NEG	we need to get more films like " the blair witch project " that could scare people to death , while people thinking well what exactly is scaring them and how do i know that it is in fact the blair witch .
NEG	and his american accent rivals richard gere's irish accent in the jackal .
POS	there were times i thought that hollywood would come in and screw it up , but it played very nicely .
POS	with a cast like that , it's almost worth watching twilight just to stargaze .
NEG	valentine was jenny's former boyfriend , a wealthy and corrupt record executive .
POS	get ready for the atmostpheric darkness of " 12 monkeys " or " the crow " without the boredom or depression .
POS	you may not have heard of lucas , or if you have , you might not think much of it .
NEG	also , the movie is so intent on giving you a hoot-inducing , lip-smacking villain ( the ads have compared peter mccabe to hannibal lechter , natch ) that it completely casts garcia's frank connor by the dullsville wayside ; " desperate measures " appears to like its antagonist so much more than its protagonist , and the movie's head-scratcher of a send-off confirms this .
POS	_fifty_ ? " ) , he whispers his age to her .
NEG	after 92 minutes , it ends .
NEG	1869 . jim west is a quick-draw lawman who teams up with brainiac federal agent gordon , under orders from president grant ( kline again , whose impression , for all we know , is dead-on ) , to apprehend legless loveless , the mad inventor who is plotting to divvy up the united states and sell it back to britain and spain .
NEG	the film is supposed to be a big suspense thriller , but save a couple moments , the film never achieves suspense , or even a sense of intrigue .
POS	it was also nice to see several real-life models with small roles in the movie , not taking themselves too seriously .
POS	it all works .
NEG	i got news for you , eric : nobody above the age of four is dumb enough for that , this is 2000 , you know , not 1985 !
POS	but these are minor quibbles about an otherwise brilliant film . ?
NEG	once jay and silent bob get to hollywood , the movie abruptly switches gears from gross-out comedy to ridiculously broad hollywood satire .
NEG	it is rated r for explicit sex , pervasive drug use and language and is not appropriate for those younger than college age .
NEG	dan aykroyd reprises his role ( as well as his co-writing credit ) as elwood blues , the sharp dressed con man who wreaked havoc on a self-proclaimed " mission from god " along with his brother jake and their blues brothers band nearly eighteen years ago .
POS	rush is splendid as de sade , utterly inhabiting the character .
POS	the satire in " scream 2 " thus takes on a broad focus and gradually evolves into an exploration of media perceptions in general .
NEG	there are several moments of bad acting , corny dialogue , and emotional overextension .
POS	some lack lyrical snap .
NEG	cinematographer allen daviau , but too often favors the film's visual presentation over the story he's trying to tell .
NEG	i think at the twenty minute mark , there was still a spark of hope in my heart .
POS	it's far more heartwarming than frightening , and the film would be none the worse for wear without its few pulp shocks .
POS	here , he plays jack foley , a middle aged guy who robs banks for a living .
NEG	in " metro " he plays a hostage negotiator , so negotiation is his job , not his hobby or his preferred way out of trouble .
POS	based on the novel by john le carr ? , who also co-wrote the screenplay , the film offers viewers something rarely seen in theaters this time of year : a solid , well-told story .
POS	when sam kills herself later that evening , steve decides that the skinheads must be taught a lesson .
NEG	if you're a fan of either , please spare me your letters , as i will focus solely on the finished film and not its source materials .
POS	that's because , in a nutshell , " the wedding singer " is one of the sweetest movies you're ever likely to come across .
POS	mixing comedy with specific and viable threats of murder is a sociopathic faux-pas .
NEG	this is exactly how you will feel 15 minutes after " battlefield earth " begins .
NEG	no points for guessing it's the same dog that just made water on her luggage .
NEG	and although he doesn't like it , he's willing to sign max up to do disgusting events like a wrestling match with a half-dozen dwarfs .
NEG	she seems perfect , and deuce quickly falls in love with her .
POS	perhaps it is a personal failing on my part , but the crying and screaming drag queen faux high drama just grates on my nerves and the first few minutes of this film are filled with it .
NEG	i think it's time for impeachment for this guy .
POS	is the small farmer about to become extinct ?
POS	storytelling has always been one of pedro almod ? var's greatest gifts and in " live flesh " he gives us a twisting , turning , compelling tale peppered with well-written , colorful characters .
POS	these are four normal boys who have a natural curiosity about sex .
POS	being an ex-prison means that there is no way off the planet and no weapons .
POS	he has unusual views on just about everything , from fashion ( " it's about women not wanting to look like cows " ) to mary tyler moore ( " between her and jackie kennedy , they shaped this country " ) to style ( " it's almost impossible to have style nowadays without the right dogs " ) .
NEG	our heroes had better stop him , or else .
POS	( honestly , i expected a bad irish accent , but cameron evidently decided that was a bad idea , so dicaprio plays a poor american artist who wins a ticket in a poker game . )
NEG	photon cannons ? " .
NEG	she stands 5'2 " , was born in southeast mexico , and the daughter of a lebanese father and a mexican mother .
POS	aside from this , you probably won't experience anything like aliens for quite a while .
POS	" the acting was superb , but i was bored " or " i loved it ! !
NEG	i was struck by a wave of revulsion , thinking , " geez , didn't lines like that die when 'three's company' was canceled ? "
NEG	it creates an uneven character that never breaks out of the deniro mold ; you always know it's him .
POS	the best scene in the film is an outrageously funny sequence involves jones and dancing - any more than that would be a spoiler .
NEG	although he has not quite evolved out of the stereotypical pretty-boy cocoon , chris o'donnell has an effortless charm as an actor .
POS	jackson and davis make a good team .
POS	another interesting thing about " drunken master " has to do with its video availability in the us .
NEG	and that she and eddie just might fall in love along the way ?
NEG	the story involves the mario bros . having a plumbing business in brooklyn and having to compete with a rival company .
NEG	filled with a lovely overuse of storytelling flashbacks , flashes-sideways , and viewpoint changes , ghosts of mars is a hapless mishmash of poorly constructed dialogue and ill-conceived action sequences .
NEG	this film has a great soundtrack , and wonderful scenery .
NEG	it's labute's half hearted attempt to make a crowd pleaser and he doesn't even seem to have half that heart in it .
NEG	[r]
POS	one day , melvin makes a comment that goes to far , and carol , genuinely hurt , comes down on him like a ton of bricks .
NEG	mel gibson , as the voice of john smith , has a solid singing voice and should have been used more .
NEG	if it was a couch , you'd put it out on the sidewalk , where it would sit for a week .
POS	robin , on a tropical vacation with fianc ? frank ( david schwimmer ) , gets assigned to supervise an emergency photo shoot in nearby tahiti , so she reluctantly hires quinn to fly her there .
NEG	the movie never delivers .
POS	they also led me to believe that it would deliver a vicious and all-too-true attack on the way the american political media works , and it didn't quite do that either .
NEG	if so , we probably don't need to be bashed over the head to get the point .
POS	most of this trouble is laugh out loud funny , although not all of it is .
POS	they are somehow lost in time , as it loops uncontrollably back and forth .
NEG	karen is as interesting as a cereal box , a someone's-out-to-get-me crybaby who imagines the voice at the other end of the phone , the stranger who sends her flowers , maybe even her husband himself , is her would-be killer .
NEG	where's joblo coming from ?
POS	each recalls his or her unfathomable , eventual liberation .
POS	as mentioned at the beginning of this review , " footloose " is an extremely hokey and predictable teen drama .
POS	what they find on the satellite when they get back to the lab is andromeda , an organism that defies all the normal rules of earth-like life and mutates as it grows .
NEG	rising star taye diggs plays a stereotypical african american sports figure ( rather lamely too ) , and singer lisa loeb ( ! )
POS	metal was one of my first loves as a teen and even though the genre of music isn't that prominent anymore , i still check out my motley crue , twisted sister and anthrax cds every now and again .
POS	as a result , his jokes fall flat when he tries to impress , and he's a comedian .
NEG	the man from hollywood writer/director : quentin tarantino starring : quentin tarantino , bruce willis , paul calderon and jennifer beals ( again )
POS	to this day , whenever someone says the phrase " well , to make a long story short " i have the follow up phrase " too late " ready to go .
POS	and yes , it's thearapeutic for one to release the truth years later , when they know it could easily destroy the one who emotionally destroyed them earlier .
POS	believe me , it's fantastic .
POS	this movie was basically a " black comedy " , not an action/sci-fi like i expected from the trailers .
POS	i have a feeling we'll delve into his background in the next two films ) .
POS	anderson has created a modern classic with a star who should , with any luck , rise to even greater success .
POS	a few of the more powerful scenes toward the end will leave you to decide .
NEG	tune-meister neil diamond gives a good-natured cameo perf as the boys' idol and savior .
POS	mark harmon , who looks like anything but a killer but specializes in playing them , plays charles , the merry widow murderer in the 1991 hallmark hall of fame remake of the 1943 hitchcock film , shadow of a doubt .
POS	the marriage will symbolize the clash of cultures in modern israel between the native israeli's modern viewpoint toward religion and the political savvy hasidic's intolerable one , as both groups are vying for control of the secular government .
POS	" stuart little " is ideal family entertainment for this holiday season and will not disappoint youngsters or adults for that matter .
NEG	but that's only half the problem with kevin lima's laborious film .
NEG	even the basic editing is bad .
POS	the dream team is a thoroughly entertaining comedy featuring four loveable characters who just happen to be slightly insane .
POS	ulee jackson , the film's protagonist , is struggling .
NEG	she thinks it's an instance of an ex-secretary of something or other ( james cromwell ) resigning because of a mistress , and that maybe he took the fall for the president in the same area .
POS	it isn't giving anything away to say that robbie and julia fall in love .
NEG	it's difficult to imagine how the original could have been worse .
POS	he came off like a regular guy with extremely passionate goals and work ethic , who was willing to do anything in order to fulfill his dreams .
POS	of course , we can't leave out the shark itself ; with its black eyes , endless rows of teeth , and insatiable urge to eat , it is basically the epitome of all mankind's fears about what is unknown and threatening in nature .
NEG	a kind woman , her last act in the movie is one of revenge .
POS	this means woody now faces a difficult choice .
POS	as for the new haircut that ripley and the prisoner's sport , there is an infestation of lice on the planet .
NEG	the ending finale is so worthless and pitiful , that it even tries to mock " the matrix " , laughably funny , it is undeniably stupid .
NEG	not that it ever makes a difference in the plot .
NEG	to say more would be a waste .
POS	titanic is in the tradition of the old hollywood epics of years-gone-by , and it is truly a stunning film .
POS	i may laugh , but would i feel better in the morning ?
NEG	naturally sam is thrown into a state of panicked shock at these accusations .
NEG	cruel intentions also manages to come off as soft-porn in more than one scene .
NEG	director andrew davis follows the fugitive with a wildly unfunny farce about twin brothers ( andy garcia ) with opposing moral codes .
POS	distracted and curious , it'll maintain a character's eye-level or drop right to the ground to show the doped-out-eye-view .
NEG	leigh ann's best friend ( marisa coughlan ) encourages her to use it .
POS	another note : ssbas is not so much anti-white ( that would be too easy ) as anti-authority , and as the movie goes on to demonstrate , authority exists in many forms -- governments , churches , and even the paranoid inside of one's own mind .
POS	how refreshing to see a movie this long in 1998 devoted entirely to character .
NEG	it takes a premise that might have been interesting ( i liked the preview ) , and bogs it down with endless plot turns and cliches , all of which are intended to get some kind of easy emotional rise from the audience .
POS	they are joined by able pilot west ( leblanc ) , and evil uninvited stowaway ( oldman ) , who does not want to see the trip conclude on a successful tip .
POS	i also didn't like the fact that hartnett's character , the man behind much of the nastiness that goes down in this film , was infallible .
POS	first , why not give the viewer the choice of what ending we want to watch ?
POS	sex means something different to everyone ? to jeffrey , it's an unpleasant chore , a loss of control ; to marianne , it's a means to a maternal end ; to lucky , it's an enjoyable distraction that blocks out his marital troubles ; and to phyllis , it's a method of establishing or denying emotional closeness .
NEG	-- yet none of them have been horror films .
POS	o'neal also gives his character a bit of depth ; and kim dickens , last seen ( and underused ) in mercury rising , gets a chance to show us her talent here , giving gloria the realism this kind of character really needs .
NEG	what a minute !
POS	( even the opening copyright warning flickers ! )
NEG	maybe she is one of the producer's relatives and they wanted to show her on camera to promote her or something .
NEG	with the help of hunky , blind timberland-dweller garrett ( carey elwes ) and a two-headed dragon ( eric idle and don rickles ) that's always arguing with itself , kayley just might be able to break the medieval sexist mold and prove her worth as a fighter on arthur's side .
POS	they start off electrifying and fresh , but just kinda stop .
POS	there have been other movies of this ilk ( boy and dog ) , and while this one falls into that category , it is mostly a story about overcoming difficulties and finding a good home for yourself .
POS	it's amazing , the kinds of things you can do when you work to a soundtrack .
NEG	michael rapaport , stretching one small acting muscle to play the guy who isn't quite up at the same speed level as everyone else .
NEG	the instrumental score , on the other hand , is generally playful ; yahoo uses such classics as the " 1812 overture " and the theme from the good , the bad and the ugly to great comic effect .
POS	however , whereas camille submits to the wild interplay of emotions which she now feels for stephane , stephane only admits that camille is attracted to him .
POS	while it's understandable that animated features lacking the name-recognition or drawing power of disney ( say , balto's use of kevin bacon and bridget fonda , or even anastasia's showcasing of meg ryan and john cusack ) would be forced to turn to this strategy in order to hype their products , it's unfortunate that even disney has embraced this policy .
NEG	betty's screenplay makes the mistake of relying too much on concurrence , without which betty wouldn't make any progress in the film .
NEG	the ending of this movie really is terrible .
POS	" the celebration " is great because it's chock full of those .
POS	it was cute at first , but became a little too obvious and annoying after a few times .
POS	no claus for alarm .
NEG	it starts off slow , it's got no energy , it doesn't engage you with any of its characters ( julia barely gets somewhat interesting in the film , everyone else . . . lame ! ) , it utilizes way too many flashbacks to move the story forward , it's utterly predictable , standard , routine , see-through and uninteresting as a plot and it just sits there on the screen , big and ugly , waiting . . . waiting for you to laugh or find something in it that is amusing .
POS	because of damage he suffered upon landing , the giant has forgotten what his original mission was , so he just follows hogarth around like a lost puppy .
NEG	it turns out that he's filling the mines throughout kentucky with toxic waste for a tidy profit .
POS	it is cute , funny , suspenseful ( a little bit ) , sexy ( a little bit ) .
NEG	that sentiment is echoed ad nauseam throughout starship troopers .
POS	i get bored easily and this film didn't bore me for a minute .
NEG	the most astonishing thing about deep rising is the exceptionally high level of gore .
POS	the colors are bright , the textures sharp , and even the human characters look more " human . "
POS	duncan does a wonderful job playing a frightened child-like behemoth , very similar to lennie small in of mice and men .
POS	the title is a reference to a list of rules posted in the quarters of the illiterate apple pickers .
POS	franken wrote all of the characters not just as cliches or stereotypes , but as sharply-drawn , real people .
POS	once everyone is settled down , the movie inside of the movie begins .
NEG	our heroine , lady lara croft ( angelina jolie ) , finds the key that opens the tombs in relics that her dead father ( jon voight ) dug up .
NEG	soon , zoologist gregg o'hara ( bill paxton ) discovers joe ; he quickly realizes that poachers want to get joe and sell him to a big game hunter named strasser ( rade sherbedgia ) , who just happens to be the same guy who killed jill's mother .
POS	the only thing the two films have in common is the idea of a virtual reality that is indistinguishable from normal , " real " reality .
POS	`well what's it about ? '
POS	the guy in this film barely seems to be " put off " by the fact that he's surrounded by apes who can speak english ! !
POS	the influence that the father possesses is inescapable , and its unsavory effect clamps down hard on the tortured wade .
POS	the final act concludes with another terrific chase .
POS	but it does not at all seem gratuitous or formulated , it is actually suspenseful to watch .
POS	chris cooper ( the horse whisperer ) , as homer's father , is less likeable -- even downright despicable at times -- but his turn here gives gravity to the movie .
NEG	to make matters worse , leatherface , the chainsaw wielding maniac , who was never the scariest of psychopathic killers at the best of times , has now become a full blown cross-dresser , and spends the entire movie in drag .
NEG	he leaves the party and meets jinnie sue , but he accidentally falls in a pool ( probably because he was sitting on the diving board with a $200 suit on - nah , didn't see that one coming ! ) ,
NEG	the dialog gets much of the credit for this .
POS	but after having read an advertisment for an upcoming computer game , he wants to be the first to play it .
POS	* he * is funny .
POS	his direction is stylish without being pretentious , and his writing is mature , full , and developed .
NEG	besides , christopher keeps the lights so low that the sets are invisible , anyway .
POS	who needs to see the blond chiouaoua have a " big emotional scene " between godzilla attacks ?
POS	we would assume the rider is the same boy , but it turns out to be some male character we aren't even introduced too !
POS	it certainly didn't look that way from the outset , which introduces groom-to-be ben holmes ( ben affleck ) at his bachelor party , surrounded by friends and family whooping over his " last night of freedom . "
POS	but the soundtrack is most effective when it is used as ironic comment - almost pastoral , easy listening tunes make strong and very ironic contrast to the scenes of violence and bloodshed .
NEG	wow . . . a
POS	norton is one of those performers who becomes his character , and his work in american history x is one of the very best performances this year .
NEG	ray sr . ( vincent ) is now trying to make a go of it by running a small scale home-repair business .
POS	meanwhile , will attends his mandated therapy sessions .
POS	a second strength of scream 2 is that it features a gallery of legitimate characters rather than a group of cardboard cut-out stereotypes lined up for slaughter .
POS	it's hard to imagine any director not being at least partially pleased with a film this good -- in a time when so many movies are timid and weak , american history x manages to make a compelling argument for racism without advocating it any way .
POS	this film begins with a shot of a peak in the jungle which is reminiscent of the paramount pictures logo .
POS	instead of going after the crowds - the action audience ( like the matrix ) , or aiming at the horror fans ( like existenz ) , 'the thirteenth floor' presents a more intelligent plot , witch will provide a less entertaining and more serious experience , that the true science fiction lovers will find rewarding .
NEG	another prediction i made in a previous review has come to pass : more movies are copying " the blair witch project " 's web strategy .
NEG	( followed by a mandy moore-esque tune background )
NEG	now i personally don't mind trying to unravel a film every now and then , but when all it does is give me the same clue over and over again , i get kind of fed up after a while , which is this film's biggest problem .
POS	somewhere along the line after this several things happen .
NEG	one of the most breathtaking moments in this film does not involve the character of shakespeare or queen elizabeth or even the theatre owner , but rather 2 young children named romeo and juliet who chose to end their own lives in the name of love .
NEG	that's exactly what this film is - too big for its own good because it has too damn much .
NEG	but typical mrs . tingle says her history project , which she worked on for countless hours , is laughable .
NEG	given her limited acting abilities , it's likely that she was chosen for this part primarily on the basis of her physical attributes .
NEG	oddly they hardly have reactions when deaths occur around them .
POS	so , hercules is a bit of a long sit , but you won't stay bored .
NEG	what about the computer ?
NEG	the characters are so bad that the viewer doesn't care about any of them .
POS	dennis farina , who plays karen's father , is good , as is don cheadle as the profoundly stupid villain .
NEG	the performance is undirected , with the character changing his tone and demeanor in accordance with whatever location he is in .
NEG	in a bid to impress vanessa sonny impersonates his friend kevin ( jon stewart ) and adopts a 5 year old boy named julian ( cole and dylan sprouse ) while kevin is on an overseas trip .
POS	this is the best british gangster film since the long good friday .
POS	( title ) . . .
NEG	this is the time-honored deus ex machina device used to its worst effect .
NEG	but still , that somehow doesn't justify the actions of the movie's main characters .
NEG	" mystery men " features greg kinnear as the heavily-sponsored captain amazing and geoffrey rush as his arch nemesis ( singular ) casanova frankenstein .
NEG	robert rodriguez is also a great director ; not a brilliant one , but a cool one .
POS	for a lightweight comedy , it handles these scenes especially well , often better than many so-called " serious dramas " of today .
POS	`where the money is' does more to spotlight newman and fiorentino than it does to showcase a story about a nifty heist .
POS	it shows that with the 'help of god' we can all find our way back home .
NEG	and for the final blasphemy , the fight that all the fans were waiting rabidly for , the fight hyped to be the most intricate of the movie , lasted about 3 minutes and then just sort of . . . ended .
POS	most people i talked with after the movie saw this as only a dream .
NEG	he sleeps with these girls once and dumps them .
POS	from the detail of their fur , to the detail of the way the walk ; the special effects team put a lot of time and effort on this $90 million dollar film and it shows .
NEG	and you already know from the last paragraph what the competition is like .
NEG	" houston . we have a serious problem . "
POS	" i've seen that trailer , oh . . .
NEG	[r]
POS	this is not to say that she doesn't need work--sometimes she lays on the " toughness " a bit too thick and comes off too much as a caricature .
POS	it is a film worth seeing .
POS	with these plot holes , " wag the dog " doesn't quite work as a satire of american politics , but it does send up the mentality that might lead to these kinds of machinations in the first place .
POS	this kind of thing is what his character lives for , and he's so excited that he can't even shut up .
NEG	deep impact is rated pg-13 for disaster related elements and brief language .
POS	juzo itami's tampopo brings the same sense of the serious parody of food to the forefront by making the story follow the pattern of an american western , set in modern day japan .
NEG	he clearly was in a dangerous business at one time and now he seems to be drifting around on his own somewhere in france .
NEG	well , i'll tell you .
NEG	( the answer there is an unequivocal " yes " ) and more " how in the name of sweet jesus did first-time director kinka usher get such a first-rate cast to act in this muck ? "
POS	sure , she wants to commit robbery and has little compunction about pushing a wheelchair-stricken man into a lake , but we can see that to escape her dead-end world , she needs to do something drastic .
NEG	he's proven that he can be much funnier than these formulaic films allow him to be , and yet , like a glutton for punishment , he keeps coming back .
NEG	unfortunately , there are multiple problems afoot .
POS	just fill in the blanks !
NEG	a thriller it isn't , and neither is it particularly erotic .
NEG	the movie doesn't make a lick of sense , though , either as an epic or as your basic boo-fest .
POS	but crime boss bergman ( danny devito ) is pulling the strings and he says that joe and his people have to manage one more robbery .
NEG	it stars mark hamill -- luke skywalker himself from that terrific star wars trilogy .
NEG	here is the story : in the monstrously over-decorated mansion known as hill house , visitors are tricked by an unknown doctor ( liam neeson ) into being guinea pigs in a fright experiment under the guise of an insomnia investigation .
NEG	one question though : george wendt ?
POS	kenny does so , dies , and goes to hell , to find out that satan and saddam huiessan ( homosexual lovers ) , are about to take over the world , if terrance and phillip die .
POS	he's served well , though , by his casting of ebouaney in the title role .
POS	for rose , she is sailing to her doom .
POS	i must add , at this point , that the most likeable character in the movie is played by kathy bates , as a woman with " new money " who is a lot less uptight than the other rich folk on the ship .
NEG	and then open fire when the kid doesn't stop running at them .
NEG	the basic plot was delightfully silly enough to sustain my interest somewhat ; dr . evil ( mike myers , in the second of his three roles ) , having constructed a time machine , goes back to the year 1969 in an attempt to snatch austin power's " mojo " ( don't you just love that word ? )
POS	so the richness and detail are impeccable .
NEG	the movie's focus is on a group of twenty-somethings during that fateful summer : vinny ( john leguizamo ) , a club-hopping , adultrous hairdresser , his benevolent wife dionna ( mira sorvino , looking young ) , ritchie ( adrian brody ) , a punk who becomes an outcast as well as a son of sam suspect , a gang of small time mobsters and a few more minor characters .
NEG	i almost don't even have to say that the acting from everyone ranges from sub-par to horrific , the former being jamie lee curtis in the lead showing off what a strong female lead she is ( and she is , just not really here ) and the latter being - and it pains me to say this as he's a particular favorite of mine - donald sutherland , who plays the captain so poorly and without a second of credibility that this will go down as the performance-of-which-he-should-be-ashamed .
POS	the rest of the cast , especially nick nolte and elias koteas , are unambiguously fantastic .
NEG	( a far superior film in any league ) .
POS	i'm not sure what the other jamaican films released in that country are like , but apparently third world cop's honors are well deserved .
NEG	drew barrymore is beginning to corner the market on playing the girl outside - the one who's the awkward klutz or the spunky do-it-yourselfer ; the one who just doesn't fit in with the others .
NEG	that is the principle that works for kingsley in sexy beast .
POS	worf ( michael dorn ) , dr . beverly crusher ( gates mcfadden ) , and counselor deanna troi ( marina sirtis ) --travel back to 21st-century earth while doing battle with the borg , a race of cybernetic beings that share a collective mind with the borg queen ( alice krige ) .
POS	despite being darker than the original , burton's film is not as heavy handed nor as sanctimonious .
NEG	this is true in practical matters of our physical lives as well as the in the developing maturity of our spiritual lives .
POS	as the revolutionary war rumbles miles away , martin swears to keep his family close and away from the battlefields .
NEG	james spader's acting technique can be described as 'wooden deadpan' while keanu reeves maintains his perpetually monotone 'dude' persona which sometimes works , sometimes doesn't .
NEG	as stated before , never talk to strangers is a poor excuse for a film whose sole purpose seems to be exploiting banderas and de mornay's bodies as often as possible .
POS	is it any wonder that most sequels fail to live up to their predecessors ?
NEG	" love to kill " starts off aimlessly and gets progressively less coherent as time passes .
POS	peck's script illuminates bantu sayings like 'the hand that gives , rules' when lumumba uses it with the american ambassador .
POS	or see how their children turn out ?
POS	be forewarned , this film is not for the faint-hearted nor for pure entertainment .
POS	return of the jedi has some interesting elements .
POS	those who are unfamiliar with the patlabor story and characters may find themselves slightly confused coming into the movie , although there is ample background exposition provided for new viewers .
POS	harry has spent the last couple of years doing odd jobs for jack and catherine ames ( gene hackman and susan sarandon ) , a pair of married actors who have fallen from the limelight .
NEG	this bunch of nobodies try to make something of themselves by taking the team to the season playoffs with unbelievable football plays , gene hackman yelling and asking himself where the hell dennis hopper is , keanu reeves looking for his body double making him look good on the football field , and cheerleaders hired from the local strip club making the girls from coyote ugly look like waitresses from denny's .
NEG	let me begin by saying that this is easily the worst movie in the entire official ( and even unofficial ) james bond series .
NEG	did the ship's computer learn something about humanity ?
NEG	nothing to lose then , is robbin's first 'bad' movie ( and hopefully his last ) , and suggests that odereick should twice before making another film .
NEG	as for the plot --- go rent disney's candleshoe .
POS	and since the film spends most of its time with the castaways , this flaw is only a minor inconvenience .
NEG	his girlfriend makes a ultimatum to him : either wise up and get responsible , or she's leaving him .
POS	this is a classic example of flawless casting and flawless ensemble acting .
POS	insurrection , which is the second film to feature strictly the next generation cast , introduces us to a race of people called the ba'ku ; the ba'ku are very old ( most of them are about three hundred years old ) , but they actually appear younger with age due to strange radiation in the rings of their planet .
POS	as was the case with _ghost in the shell_ , if you just want a no-brainer actionfest , this might not be the movie for you .
NEG	although the story could have been dynamite , it moves at a deadeningly slow rate , and i found my mind wandering every once in a while .
NEG	they get more tickets , they lose those too .
NEG	the scenes between roper and his girlfriend are nice , too .
POS	the movie was beautifully and sensitively made .
NEG	capsule : where are you tonight , leni rienfenstal ?
POS	he has to share a room with nurse ball ( barbara windsor ) and she soon sees through him !
NEG	the only things that keep this bomb from getting the big banana are the winning performances from henry winkler as the insecure coach and the severely underrated fairuza balk as bobby's love interest .
NEG	but it's at about the halfway mark of this movie , that the bottom drops out and all that we're left with are a lot of questions and very few plausible answers .
POS	remember that this was all done the old-fashioned way , with actual humans moving clay figurines around on a tiny set bit by painstaking bit , and you see just how truly remarkable " chicken run " really is .
NEG	as more bodies begin to pile up , harry realizes that he will have to solve the disappearance of catherine's first husband twenty years earlier to find out who's willing to kill to keep that secret buried .
POS	he removes himself from the institution and enrolls at the university of virginia's medical college , where he finds that medical doctrine is a calculating , impersonal trade .
NEG	he essentially says to her , " you win " and hands her a ring .
POS	look what that got her .
NEG	ray liotta's character was making out with his secretary when his new wife knocked on the door of his office .
POS	it was hyped as " the new film from producer john woo " , so one would it expect lots of stylized killing and action .
NEG	the film wanders to a dumb happy ending that also seems to abandon much of what it was trying to say about transvestitism , but at that point it didn't matter much what happened .
POS	he is in the employ of a kingpin ( david calder ) far more evil than he is .
NEG	and after 15 minutes , it gets irritating .
POS	one that not only presented a great challenge to the filmmakers but one that can be enjoyed by the whole family ( although some very young viewers may be a little scared by judge doom ) .
NEG	then the story just runs along until jonnie teaches the rest of the humans the basics of trigonometry , the bill of rights , how to use a machine gun , and how to fly a harrier jet .
POS	the elvis songs also recommend this movie !
POS	in the 1950's helfgott emerged as a child prodigy .
NEG	it seems to me there is also a statement about human cruelty to animals , but perhaps i was just looking for that .
NEG	if the movie was meant to be about daryl , then it should have been called stalker not stalked .
NEG	stalked's cast is uniformly adequate : not anything to write home about but also not all that bad either .
NEG	sean penn gives a great performance , and jennifer lopez and nick nolte are as on target as they can be , playing over-the-top caricatures of stereotype characters .
NEG	suddenly , i had an out-of-body experience as my internal way-back machine swept me to the mid-1960s .
POS	stephane attempts to remain unchanged .
POS	much has been made of the humongous cost of the production , and all of the care than went into making the huge luxury liner come alive again .
POS	why should i see it again ? '
POS	she understands what lucas is feeling and knows exactly what to say to console him .
NEG	cut batgirl out .
POS	it's a stylish , great-looking and quirky film despite the problem narrative .
POS	director joe johnson deserves much credit for successfully navigating the many obstacles that october sky manages to dodge .
NEG	" showgirls " is too stupid to make a statement .
NEG	a private man of limited creativity finds himself burdened with creating stories of russian military progress just to keep his neighbors alive .
POS	this hesitation is what makes his character believable and vulnerable .
NEG	given that basic framework , the story could move in any number of directions .
NEG	knock off seems to have an interesting premise ( as far as action films go ) , but there's no semblance here .
POS	posing as a bystander , alfredo briefly comes to her aid and having now identified his pursuer , a strange game of cat and mouse begins .
NEG	try reading this half as fast , and you'll hear what i mean .
POS	he really likes her , but she's engaged .
POS	later , will gives a brilliant , breathless diatribe against the nsa that has the rhythm of something written by kevin smith .
NEG	it aims to " inspire " rather than to touch hearts .
POS	as the world join forces to build this transport , allie is desperate to be the one to go .
POS	sure , some have painted their faces and smoke joints , but d . a .
POS	the film is filled with nature photography and the regarding of nature .
POS	in the lobby after the screening , i overheard one man raving about how great yet disturbing it was ; i also heard one particularly offended woman say with disgust , " that movie was so unfunny ! "
NEG	rated r ( contains violence , profanity , and brief nudity ) .
POS	her growing distrust and isolation from her family is something that many parents should view as a warning .
POS	meanwhile , spain , scotland and france strategize their next moves in the struggle for power .
NEG	it's worth catching on cable next year , if you get a chance .
NEG	director stephen hopkins ( blown away , predator 2 ) and screenwriter william goldman ( maverick , misery ) would have you believe that this is an epic historical drama about man against nature , based on what really happened in africa to the railroad workers trying to build a bridge to the 20th century .
POS	it is an important footnote that this film was not intended to be an accurate reflection of the holocaust .
NEG	some of the plot elements are just plain stupid .
NEG	all dramatic tension between both principals is freeze-dried and off-the-rack .
POS	it's decidedly for an older crowd , and the tykes who haven't had a few years of religion class will be hopelessly lost .
NEG	what's good about this movie ?
NEG	casting good actors for small , pale parts only makes things worse .
POS	the film picks up soon after ; and mulder and scully have been reduced to field agents investigating a bomb threat in a federal building .
POS	this is a world that is cold and unfriendly .
POS	'the rainmaker' plays out like a personality sketch of young rudy as he gets emotionally involved with and tries to save various little quirky side characters .
POS	a lot of the credit goes to fraser who turns in a great comic performance .
POS	following the prologue , we are re-introduced to sidney prescott , who has left her sleepy hometown to go to windsor college .
NEG	it had absolutely nothing to do with the story -- but i liked it .
POS	we've already had a fish and a crab , and we've had a candle and a teapot , a genie and a dog , a few stone statues . . . . have
NEG	eventually , they will be hunted down during power outages and chased around during intense lightning storms .
POS	note : it is a shame that the filmmakers had to add a disclaimer to the end of the film stating that neither they nor the musicians contributing music for the film condone racism .
NEG	shadyac also directed the first " ace ventura " movie .
NEG	suspicions escalate , as issac o'day ( delroy lindo ) is told of the murder .
NEG	although it is actually well put together , with nice direction , good production design and even some montages , this professionalism can't help the fact that the script and characters are trash .
NEG	he's dim-witted , into being part of " the scene , " and soon finds he's become a bit of a rave amongst the studio regulars . . . a
NEG	yes , the characters do speak , but they do not talk .
POS	the fight disrupts the already-chaotic dinner , spilling milk and soft drinks all over the table , a few cousins , and an uncle .
NEG	he jumps on the back , gets launched straight up in the air , and somehow manages to land three cars ahead on the train- while it's still in motion !
POS	the two actors do what they do best and they are probably the best there are at it .
NEG	instead , this project may have sunk his career .
POS	the most controversial moment in the film happens when chad humiliates a black temp by asking him how badly he wants to succeed in the company , then forces him to prove it in a manner i won't describe .
POS	the jawas , or small creatures who sell droids , pick r2-d2 and c-3p0 up to sell .
POS	ethan hawke is romantic lead .
NEG	the movie takes place on a peaceful new england college campus .
NEG	boy , schumacher is really really getting on my nerves .
NEG	there are some slightly successful attempts at humor , but they only serve as window dressing .
NEG	the original made more than $100 million dollars at the box office , spawned a torrid collection of " collectible " items that ended up months later in the discount bins of wal-marts across the country , and generally made every kid on the planet want a damn dalmatian pup for christmas .
POS	if marketed properly , this film could have crossover appeal for both those who appreciate supernatural tales like the prophesy and those who crave grim , dark thrillers like silence of the lambs and seven .
POS	he proves that a man , on the brink of death , would do anything to stay alive , including sacrificing his own soul .
POS	the fact that this film slipped through the cracks of the usually mainstream and " safe " wide-releases coming out lately , still gives me hope for the hollywood film industry .
NEG	" i'm not gonna , " gloria pouts back . )
POS	diaz puts so much overblown energy to her character that i really do think she deserves a supporting actress oscar nomination come next january .
NEG	with a recent run of big budget movies to his credit-- " batman & robin , " " a time to kill , " " batman forever , " " the client " --schumacher certainly has that kind of influence .
POS	luxuriantly lit , brashly saturated , and comic-panel framed with a virtuoso grace by cinematographer amy vincent ( _death in venice , ca_ ) , while inhabiting robin standefer's ( _practical magic_ ) mesmerizing sets , _the caveman's valentine_ is an unremittingly gorgeous film .
POS	the acting is first rate down to even the smallest supporting role , and virtually every performance deserves mention .
POS	the event of events is upon us .
POS	the picture and sound are wonderfully improved over my worn out vhs copy , and i'm thrilled that paramount agrees with me that clue is a film worthy of being preserved on this great digital format .
POS	we share the descent into darkness of a talented boy pianist .
POS	the script is based on both a book ( the long march to freedom ) and a magazine article pertaining to kidnap/ransom situations , and the story has been sharply pieced together by tony gilroy , screenwriter of the devil's advocate and dolores claiborne .
NEG	she finds a horse standing in center of the room ; suddenly , sheets of sharp-edged glass fall into the horse , dividing it into segments .
POS	their search turns up , dissapointly , no diamond , but instead a drawing of a young woman wearing the diamond .
POS	enemy is truly a visual experience , and that's only one of the reasons it's such a fun watch .
NEG	of course it is perfectly true that in many places in that region armed conflicts have turned life into a living hell .
POS	the previews of this film led me to believe it was an all-out action flick , which after viewing , it was almost the opposite in a certain sense .
POS	simply because it is the result of a perfect pairing of director and cinematographer .
NEG	while the characters flail at each other , one-liners and bad puns are tossed about like confetti .
NEG	the only thing that i was worrying about the whole way through this picture was whether or not i'd actually fall asleep before the end credits rolled .
NEG	" the jackal " aims for the latter , but never focuses in on either character .
POS	at the time of this writing , third world cop has been put into limited theatrical release in the us , coming off of a six-month box-office breaking run in jamaica , where it holds the position as highest grossing film of all time ( bringing in $21 million in jamaica , which is roughly $500 , 000 us ) .
NEG	miller should be extremely thankful for the film trainspotting , because if it were not for that , who knows where his career would be now after hackers .
POS	cleese is wonderfully devilish and madcap ; lovitz is , at first , a bit whiny , but his character grows on you ; gooding is having a fine romp ; and dave thomas almost steals the show as cleese's deadpan assistant , a man " born without a personality . "
POS	stuart accidentally insults the manager of the station and gets his show revoked .
NEG	ah , how sweet the irony !
NEG	loaded with a sensational cast you would think that the cast would at least save the film a bit , boy was i wrong .
POS	but these aren't any girlfriends ? these girls made the all time top five break ups in the history of rob ( rob's incessant use of lists show how pop music has played a major role in his life ) .
NEG	the only ones who fought through the script and showed some feelings were fraser , whose effervescent face was expressive of both the trying times she was going through and the joys she felt -- but most admirably showing how she could be so mistaken as to think that she could forget her roots ; while rossellini gave a warm performance of a woman suffering in silence , but is strong in accepting her faith .
NEG	at one point , i wanted to get out of my seat and yell at these characters : " no , you idiot ! "
NEG	the only people likely to enjoy tectonic plates are those who feel a strong need to praise something this rootless and boring because ( a ) it's different , ( b ) it's not like anything they've seen before , and ( c ) it's pretentious .
POS	what results is one of the most terrifying films ever created .
POS	poitier also gives an excellent , noteworthy voice to his character .
POS	proof that he can do it , if he tries . . .
POS	everything you need to know is explained to the viewer by duchovny and others .
POS	since nature can be expressed in numbers , and there are patterns everywhere in nature , he reasons with eminent logic that finding the patterns will allow him to predict anything -- the ups and downs of the stock market , how many games the yankees will win this year , the flavour of jam i'm going to put on my toast tomorrow morning .
POS	but mrs .
POS	slowly but surely , the neophyte ruler takes england by its reigns and forges a new path for her kingdom .
POS	as one might imagine from a gentleman like walker , sleepy hollow is quite graphic .
POS	things aren't going well for jackie brown ( pam grier ) .
POS	10 things i hate about you ( 7/10 ) - election ( 7/10 ) - hamlet ( 6/10 ) - love's labor's lost ( 8/10 ) - natural born killers ( 9/10 ) - save the last dance ( 7/10 ) - shakespeare in love ( 5/10 )
POS	the story is as follows : the omegas are getting the deltas kicked off campus .
NEG	miko hughes , the young actor who plays simon , goes through the prescribed motions of being autistic : he walks slowly , drawls his words , kicks and screams when he's touched , and has a hard time looking at other people .
NEG	there's no end to the vicious circle .
POS	is this a funny movie ?
POS	finally , as she desperately seeks escape from this crazed canine , she accidentally stumbles on the serial killer's lair .
POS	those who had problems with his verbal comedy may want to skip this one .
NEG	yet instead of a hangover , poor jack finds himself covered in blood and the chinese chick dead on a couch .
NEG	it has its moments , the best of which features steven seagal making fun of himself .
POS	during these first ten minutes , i learned everything i had to in order for alien 3 to proceed .
POS	don't expect too many yuks from danny devito , but you can't beat those early romantic scenes between emma and arnie .
POS	kevin's patience runs out when he learns that his plain-cheese pizza has already been eaten , and he's going to have to starve .
POS	i have no particular affinity towards the mystery genre of film .
NEG	the action scenes were well made ( however sometimes out of place ) .
NEG	listen to some barry white records at high speed .
NEG	the lady is helen , played by the stunning jean tripplehorn , who isn't given a chance to be stunning , or even interesting , by the mediocre and unimaginative script .
POS	this may include watching scrambled porn channels or experimenting with mom's apple pie in a scene that is completely shocking , raunchy , yet unbelievably funny .
POS	there is blood , of course , but nothing excessive by slasher-movie standards , and there are no depictions of spilled entrails .
POS	boyd's journey to hell begins when he is awarded for an act of cowardice during a horrific mexican-american war battle earns him banishment to a desolate military outpost , a waystation for western travelers in the barren and icy sierra nevada mountains in california .
NEG	flames , for example , roll across the screen sometimes to announce a shift in setting .
POS	it's clear that she's having a good time with it all .
NEG	liberation ! he thinks .
POS	the harshest scene in the film is on malka's wedding night .
NEG	ok . . .
POS	to see a ship fall apart , with actual people running across the ship , flying across the deck , and falling to the water , is just amazing to look at .
POS	one day , though , it could happen .
POS	the simulation of 1937 is just like it was back in the olden days .
NEG	eszterhas announced through the media during post-production that cinergi pictures didn't have the money to pay for soundtrack .
POS	let's just say that " the wedding singer " might well be the only film in recent memory to make * me * want to rent " happy gilmore . "
POS	their meeting on tatooine is mostly chance but of course jinn chalks it up to the will of the force .
POS	arrow video's digitally remastered version of the classic is something of a mixed-coffin .
NEG	she soon learns why " easier said than done " is the mantra of movies like this .
POS	based on a story concocted by himself , and also written by beatty , bulworth gives a good insight of what beatty thinks of the american government system .
POS	the first thing you notice about this movie is that it's cold .
POS	it must be some sort of warped critical nightmare : the best movie of the year would be a summer vehicle , a jim carrey vehicle at that .
POS	cameron wisely chooses to stick with rose and jack , while paying scant heed to the celebrities on board .
POS	the director , anderson , delivers a funny , hip , yet sometimes violent film , which flies along .
NEG	on another note , leder's film only picks up its pace during the last fifteen minutes when the comet actually impacts .
NEG	these women arrive at jimmie's location and immediately start bullying him about what he's looking for in a woman .
POS	it follows his disappointing american debut trauma ( 1992 ) , the patchy opera ( 1987 ) and several mediocre films he produced for young italian director michele soavi in the late 1980's .
POS	a serial killer ( elias koteas ) has been on the loose in philadephia , but detective john hobbes ( denzel washington ) , the noblest man on the police force , has brought him to justice .
POS	bottom line : osment should get an oscar nomination , and you should go see this movie .
NEG	she's the chief navigator on a sea vessel ; travelling with her is captain everton ( donald sutherland ) , steve baker ( william baldwin ) , woods ( marshall bell ) , squeaky ( julio oscar mechoso ) , and richie ( sherman augustus ) .
POS	virtual reality is here portrayed as a magical , enchanting power that seduces you into its endless possibilities .
POS	ben obi-wan kenobi , played by sir alec guinness , was one of those jedi who is still alive today .
POS	douglas hall ( ) , his closest friend and business partner , immediately becomes the prime suspect and must enter through the thirteenth floor in search of the truth .
NEG	you could do worse .
POS	anymore detail into the personalities of these marvelously diverse characters would deprive one of the many pleasures and surprises to be had in " american beauty " .
POS	at one point , he terrorizes a boardroom full of suits with an angry combination of words and bullets .
NEG	the latter film was an incohesive mess that defied logic and wasted talent .
NEG	the story begins as jesse ( charasmatic colin farrell ) and his brother frank ( gabriel macht ) , cole and scott younger ( scott caan , will mccormack ) and trusty comanche tom ( nathaniel arcand ) , after four years of fighting for the rebs in the civil war , return to liberty , missouri - only to discover union troops are occupying their hometown .
NEG	the room is packed with patch's supporters .
NEG	his screenplay for reindeer games turns the tables on the audience so many times that watching the film becomes something of a punishment with no reward anywhere in sight .
POS	not in recent memory has a movie carried such weight of theme into widescale distribution , and even if mass audiences fail to see the ingenuity of ross' work , it is still a testament that his picture was considered worthy enough .
NEG	( west automatically shoots anyone who calls him a " nigger " before that person can finish speaking the word .
NEG	if you don't know by now , the spice girls sing songs of love and friendship and responsibility and girl power , yet dress like streetwalkers from a lower middle class neighborhood .
NEG	kayley's only dream is to follow in her father's footsteps , and she gets her chance when evil warlord ruber ( gary oldman ) , an ex-round table member-gone-bad , steals arthur's magical sword excalibur and accidentally loses it in a dangerous , booby-trapped forest .
NEG	why ? ! ?
POS	-- comedy , rated pg , runs about 1 : 40 -- starring : john goodman , kathy moriarty , and a bunch of teenagers -- directed by joe dante and written by charles hass --
NEG	his best film , benny & joon , is quirky in the same way that this one was supposed to be , but here it mostly seems like a lot of failed attempts at wit and humor .
NEG	the camera , by the way , sometimes behaves so stupidly all by itself that most of the lion attacks are incoherent .
NEG	even so , the production has failed to make the most out of it .
POS	this is a house filled with them .
POS	for example , in happy gilmore , sandler plays a rookie golfer trying to beat a self-confident jerk of a pro .
NEG	the closest the film even gets to catholicism is in its narrative ( the story is told by angelina jolie to her priest while on death row in cuba , circa 1900 ) .
NEG	i was heavily awaiting " 54 , " not the least because i've become fascinated with the infamous club , which has been the subject of an engrossing documentary that's been running all summer on vh1 , which is , weirdly enough , much more intriguing and engrossing than this " edgy " film .
POS	as the plot unfolds , magruder learns that none of us are as secure as we think we are .
NEG	this film should really be called beverly hills midnight run there's lawernce with his wisecracking and heavy profanity , just like eddie murphy in beverly hills cop , and pratically the same idea as midnight run .
NEG	" spice world " is just one long promotional film for the british girl band the spice girls .
POS	for the occasion . "
NEG	oh , and as a little sub-plot , dade also tries to woo acid burn , the only female hacker in the film .
NEG	but the filmmakers thought making the bulk of glitter weepy and dramatic would be better .
POS	while watching wes anderson's rushmore , it may be surprising to think that the role of max fischer , the film's anti-hero , was not written with jason schwartzman in mind .
POS	what's interesting about him is that he sticks up for lucas and protects him from the other jocks .
POS	as the film progresses though , there is a very gradual change in the sheriff .
POS	his rich , complex character is the pulp of " good will hunting . "
POS	i rate it a 7 on the 0 to 10 scale and a low +2 on the -4 to +4 scale .
NEG	of course , if seeing her breasts is your most important goal , you'll be right at home with wild things .
POS	the story's background unfolds through a series of flashbacks , of the crime itself and the meetings between joe and the criminals prior to the crime .
POS	curtis hanson , who before his last film , la confidential , toiled about with exploitation fare like losin' it ( an early tom cruise sex comedy ) and the hand the rocks the cradle , has graduated to more meaningful films .
POS	that and the references to horror movies , like when casey says , " the first ( nightmare on elm street ) was scary , but the rest sucked . "
NEG	the guy can't seem to write believable dialogue ( sample from reindeer games : " rule #1 : never put a car thief behind the wheel " ) , create multi-faceted characters , or even engineer coherent plots but he sure knows how to pile on numerous nonsensical twists and turns ( no matter if each one deems the actual story increasingly unlikely ) .
POS	out of sight proves that it doesn't .
POS	back to neil jordan's script , it wasn't only red roses .
POS	the box office success of " the sixth sense " has generated a lot of press about how horror movies rule the box office this year and lots of theories about why that's so .
NEG	those mentioned films , however , brought something to the screen that romeo is bleeding did not : a solid , well-written screenplay .
POS	gitai by closing in on the daily rituals , tight living quarters and close-knit community , has shown how difficult these choices are for those who have never seen another world and have been kept in the dark all their life .
NEG	these boring tales only hurt the central plot .
NEG	on one level , virus is almost passable fun .
POS	what adds depth to the story is a subplot in which the principal of danny's school ( avery brooks ) becomes obsessed with purging the hatred from danny .
POS	russell crowe should have become a major star after his gleefully over the top role as a computer generated serial killer in 1995's virtuosity .
NEG	the only pleasure generated by the cast comes from surprise cameos by christopher lee , martin landau , and christopher walken .
NEG	probably would have been remembered as nothing more than a poorly done documentary with the occasional inappropriate horror-movie touch .
POS	of course , you can probably tell where a lot of the $60 million budget went to , also .
NEG	there's nothing new in " mimic " .
NEG	but by far his worst move was the way he treated jumping .
POS	everything from " friends " and " saved by the bell " to " showgirls " and " terminator 2 " is referenced here ; horror is only one of many genres available for lampooning , and there aren't any " wes carpenter " jokes this time .
NEG	he soon shows evidence of mystical--perhaps demonic--power , and his devotion to the women's merest fantasies or wishes has dangerous overtones .
NEG	what's worse is that the movie confirms all the above , and wallows in them as well .
POS	always the shrewd thinker , he begins working on a plan to get out of jail .
NEG	ralph bakshi , the director , makes an obvious attempt to get a message across in this film : hitler and the nazis were bad .
POS	since 1990 , the dramatic picture has undergone a certain change of style .
POS	the film starts with the invasion of ancient china by the huns , led by the imposing shan-yu ( miguel ferrer ) .
NEG	the supporting characters are no help , though .
POS	because he doesn't do much to add to it in any way .
POS	the matrix
POS	that allowed the audience to fill the gaps with our own imagination .
POS	bring it on .
NEG	folks in hollywood are trying to develop a preteen market for raunchy stuff , but i think most american parents would agree that early childhood is a time of mental innocence that should be protected from uncaring media market exploitation .
POS	although the atmosphere and buzz about the movie are cheery and lighthearted , pleasantville should not be mistaken for a no-thought movie .
POS	crouching tiger , hidden dragon fits comfortably in that category .
POS	praise must also go to chris cooper who brings yet another angry father role to life with depth and resonance .
POS	and enjoying yourself .
NEG	it is the story of a farm a piglet named gordy ( voiced by garms ) , whose family has been taken away to " up north , " which we know means death .
POS	joe , now motherless as well as fatherless , feels the need to find out who his real father is .
POS	the island is shaken up by several vicious great white shark attacks right before the fourth of july , and the mayor , larry vaughn ( murray hamilton ) , doesn't want to shut down the beaches because the island is reliant on summer tourist money .
NEG	the novel moves somewhat slowly to create some suspense in revealing all the things most film fans know to be true about the nature of the planet .
POS	there was a lot riding on this movie .
NEG	the same characteristics that make an actor seem gentle in most of his roles can work in his favor when a role calls for him to be fierce and vicious .
POS	they are " trained " to " see that ? "
POS	it can be equally appreciated by anyone of any age .
NEG	the jaded detective ( patrick dempsey ) ?
POS	the male bumbling adult in _rushmore_ ( bill murray ) pursues an extramarital affair , gets caught , and his whole life is ruined .
POS	through the baseness of human character exemplified in the formation of a mob , fritz lang prompts the viewer to consider whether our inclination towards impulsiveness supersedes our civility .
NEG	this one starts it off horribly with no plot , no intrigue , and crap dialogue .
POS	`a christmas story' is a favorite among many during the holiday season , and boy , it is certainly easy to see why .
NEG	many other movies have used the same subject in ways that are a thousand times better -- more engaging , more creative , more intellectually and artistically interesting .
NEG	this pathetic tale of three high-schoolers who accidentally kill their best friend in a birthday kidnapping prank gone horribly awry is never even remotely funny .
POS	amazing what you can buy at those collector's shops for a few hundred dollars , isn't it ?
NEG	still , i believe in preserving mother earth , so save your $5 and please donate it instead to some worthy environmentally conscious charity .
POS	everyone else is flawless as well - the actors never seem to be stepping into the shoes of their characters as much as they do walking comfortably in them .
NEG	her character is made stronger by leoni's presence , and we grow to care for her .
POS	the jekyll and hyde story told from his maid's point of view is , in a word , " dark " .
POS	rarely is the screen so overflowing with potent imagery , symbolism , ideas and metaphors , complex and literate storytelling , all possessed of an intelligence that invites -- even demands -- constant scrutiny , an acuity of perception and observation that must somehow yield the truth .
POS	and yet , many continue to ignore his " rules " preferring to make up their own as they go through life .
NEG	i want the audience squirming in their seats . "
POS	the skinheads are obviously the most repulsive characters in the film , not only because of their beliefs but because they are in a constant state of fury ( not just against other races but within their own circles ) .
POS	furthermore , the dialogue is often stilted and corny , and sometimes downright infantile , thereby rendering some characters into nothing more than bystanders to the plot .
NEG	there's a fine line separating homage from plagiarism . . . , " - review of " godzilla " ( 1998 )
NEG	don't knock the look , but say what you will about the foolish plot , underdeveloped characters and flat dialogue .
POS	delivers yet another fantastic stunt for the fans with a 10-story drop .
NEG	why was this nice , helpful , and redemptive researcher so absent of ethics at the start ?
POS	jackson ( fresh from his jedi master role in the phantom menace ) , takes on the dark-side force of a different kind and fits well with his wise-cracking lines .
NEG	this time , he's after fugitive mark sheridan ( snipes ) who the police think killed two fbi agents , but of course he's been set up , and when the police plane escort he ( and gerard ) are riding crashes , he makes a run for it , gerard not so hot on his tail .
NEG	nearly every film tim burton has directed has been an homage to the horror genre -- " frankenweenie , " " beetlejuice , " " batman , " " edward scissorhands , " " ed wood , " " mars attacks ! "
POS	understandably , " scream 2 " does not go so far as to actually blame the movies , but rather shows that those who do imitate horror movies are already sick and twisted .
POS	( i can envision the board of wga , licking their chops at this coup and counting the days until their goal of " a film by " is attained . )
NEG	there are some pretty impressive stars in lost in space - it's just that none of them happen to be actors .
NEG	the cameos are lame and seem forced , and the ending blows chunks .
NEG	he looked fresh , wore good clothes ( as always ) , and his performance , even though it wasn't his best , was the only saving grace of the movie )
NEG	still , that's not enough to turn a lump of coal into a diamond , and more than the movie's look will end up leaving you cold .
NEG	really , i can't think of much more to say about the film's plot aside from what i've said .
POS	amy locane is very good as she fights to keep her family together while struggling with her own doubts as to whether she even should .
POS	the doctor attempts to take his remains back to gallifrey , but they accidentally land in san francisco , 1999 , december 31 , where the master , with young street hood chang lee's help , opens the eye of harmony , which will suck the earth through it at midnight if the doctor , with the help of female surgeon , dr . grace holloway , doesn't close it by then .
NEG	yes , go rent that , and skip " detroit rock city , " which will probably bomb , and deservedly so .
NEG	there are some bright spots , though .
POS	fellini also knows how to use locations , whether such location happens to be luxurious hotel , bright-coloured beach or rural countryside .
NEG	lilly and dan hate each other passionately -- so passionately that they have sex at the wedding and fall in love again .
NEG	there's no group spirit evident here , and when all characters can speak only in profound statements or bark orders , it's evident that not much is going to happen .
POS	reflecting on " bedazzled , " a lively comedy about the devil who seeks to possess the soul of a pathetic loser , one sinful thought remains in my mind .
POS	as an animated film , antz is probably the best you will find to date .
POS	marshall is a medal of honor recipient who now has a desk job .
NEG	as usual , hollywood has filled it with glitz and big name stars , and it all amounts to a loud sounding nothing .
POS	does he resent our abandonment of paradise ?
NEG	oh , i know , they're just action scenes looking desperately for a real story , but they're fun action scenes amongst a crowd of laughably inane concepts .
NEG	here , he plays a man who's just looking out for himself , and if that means he needs to kill in order to save his own skin , so be it .
NEG	cinematographer ivan bird uses a lot of half lit scenes .
POS	what adds to this feeling is beatty's portrayal of bulworth ; this is a performance that deserves recognition on a higher scale .
POS	when supercilious and deceitful charles comes to pay a visit of indeterminate length with his sister and her family in petaluma , they don't know about his nefarious activities .
POS	the last shot is an especially powerful image .
POS	and rounding out the cast is ted+s friend dom ( chris elliot ) , tanning addict magda ( lin shaye ) , modern troubador/greek chorus ron lichman , and mary+s sweet mom , markie post ( where has she been ? ! ) .
NEG	the irony is that drew's character , was such a dweeb first time around , that she is terrified at going back .
POS	at first , i kind of felt that it was a gimmick , but i guess it was a gimmick in pulp fiction , too .
POS	he is seduced by a young woman from a salvation army band ( how an anti-social half-wit with no sense of hygiene manages to get laid mere hours after his escape is not the sort of question the film encourages , wisely ) ; he is given free pizza by a sympathetic waitress ; he insults a traffic cop and is punched in the stomach ; he shares a few beers in the back of a truck with a rock group ; he is imprisoned and raped ; he becomes a translator for mentally handicapped people whose speech is impaired beyond comprehension ; he is loved by a motherly large-breasted nurse ( carmel johnson ) .
POS	the landscape of emotional pain between them is palpable .
POS	one of the earliest observations in the film is a casual reference to " naked lunch " author william s . burroughs who , when asked why he shoots up first thing in the morning responds , " so i can shave . "
POS	the two of them , as characters created by fingal's imagination , serve as aspects of his personality , driving him on in his quest to hack the computer system .
POS	then , of course , there is damon , who nicely juggles the weighty ( the insurance case , the spousal abuse ) and the humorous ( rudy's often comical naivete ) requirements of his role without missing a beat .
POS	the princess is captured by vader , but r2-d2 and c-3p0 get away on an escape pod that eventually lands them on the remote planet of tatooine .
NEG	you can thank charlie's angels -- the movie -- for that .
POS	still , it's no " toy story . "
NEG	it's just a turn off .
POS	cars are normal .
POS	paul sorvino is also very effective as patriarch mafioso , and among the supporting cast most memorable is chuck low as pestering small-time gangster who unknowingly digs his own grave .
NEG	the soft-core sex sequences are generic , and don't generate much heat .
POS	the movie protagonist , shannon ( christopher walken ) is a mercenary who spent the best years of his life fighting numerous little wars all over the globe .
POS	you can tell that this is his favorite place to be a vicious nuisance , when his waitress carol ( helen hunt ) tells him he can just go sit in another section , and all the other waitresses just cringe .
NEG	banderas is suitably impassioned , while jolie alternates between vamping and pouting ( and with those lips , she can really pout ) .
NEG	as it is , the scenes which require the characters to actually talk to one another are weak and laughable .
NEG	" mystery men " fails in every category it attempts to pass .
POS	the preteen displays all the quirks of malcolm's would-be killer : scars on his body ; antisocial behaviour ; and the reluctance to reveal a big secret .
POS	elizabeth is a potent historical drama set in england in the mid-1500s .
POS	by no means has he developed a project of similar popularity - gump made over 300 million dollars while birch ought to pass out of sight in a few weeks - but the winning idea remains the same .
NEG	however , things go wrong as evidence gets stolen and they are immediately under suspicion .
NEG	the worst part is the little past they try to give declan , most notably his relationship with an old girlfriend , isabella ( mathilda may ) , given so little screen time that you almost forget her character exists until she pops up every now and then .
POS	just as giles is about to leave , however , he notices ronnie bostock ( jason priestley ) , and , suddenly , it's love at first sight .
NEG	the expert craftsman who pieced together a fairly good trailer out of snippets of a wretched movie deserves praise and a percentage of the gross .
NEG	add in the movie's almost non-existent background noise and the excruciatingly slow pacing , and you can hear the sounds of the lines falling to the ground like stones .
NEG	the only consolation for this viewer is that my ticket to the movie was a freebie , positive proof that the best things in life aren't free . . . .
POS	so many things in the film we've seen before and done with more heart because the filmmakers concentrated just a bit more on story and character because they were limited .
NEG	furthermore , there is absolutely no reason in the world why director frank darabont needed to take three hours and ten minutes out of anyone's life to present this story .
POS	the cinematography is well-suited to the storyline , emphasizing what it needs to , though a couple of scenes ( where characters' features are exaggerated in anger ) may seem slightly strange to western audiences .
NEG	* there are a number of completely meaningless story sidetracks , including a muddled scene where liu kang ( robin shou ) seeks out nightwolf ( litefoot ) , has a mystical hallucination , and then wanders off with jade ( irina pantaeva ) .
POS	ps : for anyone who has seen the original , i cannot believe that they didn't at least bring back the scene in which the lead human character ( in this case , mark wahlberg ) goes nuts at the world in which he's suddenly been thrust ( " this is a mad house ! " -
NEG	you know a comedy is digging deep when it resorts to ridiculing the handicapped .
POS	if any of these were messed up , star wars would have come off as one huge joke .
POS	the movie starts off with the boys wondering what happened to their tv .
POS	a-ha .
NEG	instead , the audience at my screening tended to laugh loudest during mariah's most dramatic scenes .
POS	of course , the sophisticated robin and the salt-of-the-earth quinn are at odds long before the plane goes down , and all manner of hostile repartee is exchanged between the two from their first meeting .
NEG	everyone knows that old rule , 'never work with children and animals . '
NEG	supporting characters aren't called supporting for nothing .
NEG	it's fraught with lines so corny , they don't even belong in b-movies , and includes many character actions which make you think , " you idiot , " or " you stupid girl . "
POS	everyone in the city is the subject of an experiment being conducted by a race of aliens to understand what makes humans tick in their efforts to somehow save themselves from extinction .
POS	lucas is filled with great performances .
NEG	the only thing that made this film borderline tolerable for me is my newly-founded but firm belief that writer/producer john hughes is going to spend his eternal afterlife being conked in the noggin by all of the different blunt instruments he's used for comedic effect in films like this and the odious home alone series .
POS	i'm definitely going to have to check out the novel it was based on .
POS	for example , one of the film's main ( nefarious ) characters is senator palpatine .
NEG	bang .
NEG	once or twice , it may be useful to highlight a spectacular stunt sequence .
NEG	the good captain has his own problems .
POS	he also knows exactly when to cut to another subplot since not one of " magnolia's " scenes drag on too long .
NEG	it can't even work under the pretense of " meaningful love scene , " because we hate the characters .
NEG	the brunette has amnesia so the blonde tries to help her discover her identity along with her latent lesbian lust .
POS	often the jekyll and hyde archetypes are viewed as splitting a whole person into components of good and evil or perhaps cerebral and emotional parts .
POS	with the unwavering support of friends like these , maybe mike's not doing too badly after all .
POS	in the process this creates for a good deal of deep , thought-provoking philosophies that could be applied to the real world .
NEG	not too good for a 'thriller . '
NEG	maybe the nature of the screenplay , which incidently , does not incorporate much action sequences in the film , forced the filmmakers to " cut a long story short " and make it more of an action film than anything else ( it's still summer , and movies have to be " marketable " ) .
NEG	those hoping to find some genuine charm and feeling behind this chris o'donnell vehicle should wander elsewhere ; `the bachelor' is a painfully clumsy mess strung together with a few brief moments of surprising poignancy .
NEG	the film's most innovative twist is the makeover of fern mayo .
POS	en route , we have an extended motorcycle chase scene , a hilarious fight in the moroccan version of motel 6 with the neo-nazis , and two confrontations with savage natives .
POS	is a very funny movie .
NEG	sound like a good , complete movie ?
POS	'holocaust comedy receives standing ovation' , the headlines read .
NEG	the plot may be new to british crime films , but it would be overly familiar as a western .
NEG	lovely newcomer lela rochon gets off easy in her role as a common whore , but only because she doesn't have any scenes with murphy .
POS	in this age of widespread satellite communications and routine space missions , those men and women in space suits are seen as mere maintenance workers .
NEG	the young woman has mesmerizing hair , although it hangs too artfully ? even by movie standards ? to be believed .
POS	tracy is the type of person that you remember from high school .
POS	his anger becomes so thunderous that he can no longer hold it in .
NEG	is the woman in australia integral to anything ?
NEG	nick has been exchanging love letters with a beautiful woman , ashley ( charlize theron ) , and cannot wait to leave prison and meet her in person .
NEG	real mature .
POS	wonderful life is one of the few pictures of times gone by that seems as fresh , maybe fresher , then it did when it was first released .
NEG	every few seconds .
NEG	now the three surviving girls must decide what to do .
NEG	after being released , he still refuses to pay taxes and the warrant is issued for his arrest .
NEG	the movie hasn't got the wherewithal to even begin to exploit such ideas ; it's just trying to find convenient ways to stall us .
POS	when those extraordinary sequences hit , the entire theater erupted with howls , tears .
POS	she was the only one who could keep juliet out of her fantasy world .
POS	surely , quentin tarantino's fame was greatly escalated by this film , and he proves not to be one who will fade from existence very soon .
NEG	i rate it a 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a 0 on the -4 to +4 scale .
POS	if you want to see an action movie starring ben affleck , go see reindeer games this weekend .
POS	like the wonderful 1990 drama , " awakenings , " starring robin williams and robert de niro , " at first sight , " directed by irwin winkler , is inspired by a true story documented by physicfirst sight , " directed by irwin winkler , is inspired by a true story documented by physician oliver sacks .
NEG	his idea of building suspense is having a bunch of sudden jump scenes that sucker the viewer into thinking something scary is happening and then prove to be just something boring .
NEG	" flubber " straps him in a straitjacket , covers him with duct tape , stuffs him in a coat closet and piles furniture against the door to make sure that he doesn't get out .
NEG	the rest of the movie just seems like they just threw a bunch of vulgar stuff up on screen and called it " comedy . "
NEG	the classic story & the production which ruined it
POS	the ending of " jude " is bleak because it has to be ( although i hear the ending of the novel is even worse - guess i'll have to read it now ) .
POS	the movie is about a teenager ( bacon ) who moves to a small town from the big city , and discovers that dancing has been banned by the local reverend ( lithgow ) .
NEG	more than anything i've seen from hollywood lately , city of angels smacks baldly of product -- it's a movie with a lousy script but a great look .
NEG	concluding that the perpetrator belongs to community , she decides to go undercover .
NEG	you know : the cheap , action packed international espionnage film , featuring a semi-promising premise , some big-name actors ( usually bruce willis ) , and the hopes that some audience members will forget the cold war ended several years ago .
POS	it's actually quite humorous and tastefully done !
POS	zero's relationship with gloria is low-key , but it hits all the right notes .
POS	in a round about way , if he weren=92t known as a man who i= s willing to buy his way out of trouble , his son wouldn=92t have been kidnapped .
NEG	as far as " mystery men " is concerned , the burning question is less " is it really as bad as it looks from the trailer ? "
NEG	the comedy scenes with jagdish and johnny lever just made me want to throw up .
POS	if there was an oscar for an ensemble performance , this is the group that should sweep it .
POS	the film has the sweetness of a candy apple , usually channeled through depp's wonderful performance as the lovable geek ichabod crane , who is no longer a mild-mannered school teacher but still attains his cowardly qualities .
NEG	it appears as if director lehmann didn't know when to stop all the absurd silliness , and he piles on layer after layer of utter ridiculousness as the movie propels itself toward the finish line .
NEG	after a failed attempt to impress his girlfriend with the child , koufax decides he wants to keep the child .
NEG	too bad summer of sam doesn't get any help here .
POS	the way he slides down tree limbs and trunks is very reminiscent of skateboarding and rollerblading maneuvers , and had me thinking this isn't just tarzan , it's " extreme tarzan . "
POS	things that intellectually had bothered me before , like no mission from god , everyone being richer , it not being filmed in chicago -- gave me no problems at all .
NEG	apparently he wants to make his ex-girlfriend jealous enough to take him back , and she wants someone to take her to the big year end dance .
NEG	the two men develop a bond , and go out to a bar , and by golly after they get drunk , the two pitiful characters fight .
NEG	it's all pretty tame stuff , but max ends up in hot water when dad nixes the move , leaving his son dangling in the wind like so many tampon strings .
POS	he too is likely too receive media attention .
POS	however , they are human and question the reason behind it all , why no one cares , and how they can get out .
NEG	stallone plays frank carter , a vegas bruiser for a loan shark ( played with amazing gusto by the uncredited voice of actor tom sizemore ) .
POS	one character which provides a significant amount of humor is grandmother fa .
POS	funded by a frivolous lawsuit , tyler begins molding his devotees into an army dedicated to mischief and mayhem .
POS	she finds comfort in the arms of the colony's doctor .
NEG	the scene with grace on portobello road in the notting hill section of london , trying to find a drug dealer , while dressed out of place , in a white dress and hat one would wear to a tea party in cornwall but not on the streets of notting hill while looking to make a drug deal , was completely hokey and the film descended into a huge black hole , whereby it never recovered its dignity .
NEG	what's even worse is that the film has no plot at all .
POS	rushmore seems to go just a little too long but , while it isn't a perfect film , it is a definate must-see for anyone who wants to see that rarity , an american coming-of-age film that actually works well without an excessive amount of sentimentality .
NEG	the plot of men with guns can be summarized " in a central or south american country things are really bad for everybody in the mountains where the army clashes with the guerrillas .
NEG	deep impact tries to disguise itself as a human drama , with endless filler comprised of disaster prevention plans the country keeps taking .
POS	twentieth century fox does not condone cannibalism .
POS	there is a movie in there somewhere .
NEG	also , there's ten minutes of stock footage at the end of the film meant to give us an idea of what the battle for armageddon might be like .
POS	there's no characterization , although it could definitely be argued , that hey , it's a porn , and we're not here to sympathize .
POS	the film's least palatable choice of casting is unfortunately that of the role of beloved herself .
NEG	it's only after repeated failures to pay any of this off that you lose all hope .
POS	the screenplay is by peter waddington based on the novel by neil cross , but it is sarossy's film all the way .
NEG	be afraid .
POS	it's clear that he's passionate about his beliefs , and that he's not just a punk looking for an excuse to beat people up .
NEG	unlike seven , 8mm isn't too clever , and the twist is pathetic and startlingly obvious when it arrives .
NEG	tell them the show is great and smile a lot .
POS	the plot itself is rather mundane and plays out unsurprisingly , but this is virtually unimportant .
NEG	his cheating is obvious enough to obtain his nickname , although the name doesn't provide any insight or analogy to the shakespearean character .
POS	( it doesn't help matters any that the killer's alter-ego is fairly obvious from the get-go . )
POS	he also is narcoleptic and falls asleep at the most inopportune times .
NEG	robin williams is an amazing actor .
POS	enjoyment of this movie doesn't require knowledge of film history , but if you've got it , " chicken run " is that much richer .
NEG	there isn't anything as preposterously amusing as the climactic tiger/land mine fight in _double_team_ , let alone anything remotely close to tsui's legendary hong kong works ( but that's a given going in ) .
NEG	as for the lower bat-people , chris is the same as he was in " batman forever , " although i think his work in these is too hokey when he's best at quieter parts in " scent of a woman " or just plain cool parts in " fried green tomotoes . "
POS	the scenes in which hogarth teaches the giant to do certain things , such as dive into a pool , are handled well , and director brad bird clearly has a sense of comic timing , having worked on " the simpsons " for many years .
POS	that's the main thrust of writer-director maggie greenwald's occasionally uneven culture-clash story , which is loosely based on olive dame campbell's foray through the blue ridge mountains in 1908 , but there's also some melodramatic romantic spice .
NEG	in this movie , the ninja manage to kill just about everyone except him .
NEG	but i'm sure next time when they decide to renovate the series since they'll be critically murdered for this sorry effort , we'll get a good script and clooney will shine ( if he still has the job ) .
NEG	the other goofy archeologist flick of the summer , " the mummy returns , " was much better ; it had its flaws , but its action was creative and large-scale .
NEG	well , let's just say that if he didn't , i would give this film a grade of " d " .
POS	almost every individual scene works , but the final product is lacking the necessary focus and coherence , and thus is less than the sum of its parts .
NEG	and if i spoiled it for you , good , i saved you from wasting seven dollars .
POS	? so what if they are not " great " singers---they ain't singing opera , folks , its pop music !
POS	yet , despite the grim backdrop of war , it is a lively tale of self-reliance and brain-over-brawn that even the smallest child can appreciate and enjoy .
POS	our modern world is metal and glass -- cold , unfriendly , impersonal .
POS	the film doesn't spend much time on the details of kimble's trial and conviction as it is not the point of the story .
POS	( she also starred in deepa mehta's previous film , fire , the first part of a thematic trilogy which will conclude with water . )
NEG	in the acting department , the only thing i can say is two thumbs squared and one head down .
NEG	the movie's main wrestler , jimmy king , has an english king gimmick and the audience cheered big for him .
POS	hutchinson , playing percy wetmore , a cowardly guard who hides his true feelings by tormenting others gives the greatest performance of the movie .
POS	turns out . . .
POS	this film was produced just before the distracting concept of using celebrity voices became in vogue , which started to a certain degree with beauty and the beast and was irrevocably exacerbated by robin williams' much-heralded turn in aladdin ; by the release of the lion king and henceforth , the majority of characters in the animated films were voiced by celebrities .
POS	the film begins with capone , played perfectly by deniro , declaring that he is not a violent man and he is a firm believer in following all laws .
NEG	instead , it just turns out to be merely average .
NEG	he encounters a gypsy-like con man in the public gardens who pitches louie and his trumpet as an added attraction to boston's swan boats .
NEG	it's like i said . . . this
POS	filmed almost entirely in english ( even so , the voices of some english-speaking actors are laughably dubbed ) , mr . nice guy hints at jackie chan's latest transition to hollywood productions ( he made ill-fated attempts with 1980's the big brawl and 1985's the protector ) ; next in the pipeline is rush hour , a stateside production co-starring chris tucker .
NEG	meanwhile , killer carl stargher ( vincent d'onofrio ) has claimed another victim .
POS	placed in this mobster's shoes , deniro gets to spoof characters he himself played in films like the godfather , part ii and casino .
NEG	some old guy's around too , just so the killer can add to his body count without killing the couple , who everyone knows will be alive at the end of the film .
POS	the one drawback of curdled is that it was based on a short film , and it feels like it ; the material is just stretched too thin in order to fulfill a feature length running time , and some parts just seem to drag .
NEG	it's just a bunch of computer geeks ( no , obsessive compulsive computer geeks a little too advanced for reality ) running around hacking computers and staying away from the fbi .
NEG	while her role required very little actual acting , she seemed very comfortable ( even when marvin licks the side of her face like a lapping dog . . . yuck ! ) .
POS	he's frequently seen riding around his island on a white horse , wearing pirate's clothing , and holstering a cross-bow .
POS	critic's note #2 : reviewing this film also breaks the universal critics' law of reviewing movies , which as roger ebert coined , `it's not what a movie is about , but how it is about it . '
NEG	the humour isn't particulary sophisticated , but if you enojyed dumb & dumber , you might enjoy this .
POS	the " braveheart " reference is a hoot if you catch it .
NEG	actually , you won't be screaming at all .
POS	despite its title and premise which seem to imply that this is some jerry lewis vehicle from the late 1960s , what planet are you from ?
NEG	the line is " my dad used to be a marine , i bet i can work it . "
POS	in the original charles dickens classic an orphan boy named pip learns about life through his friendship with an escaped convict , his relationship with a bitter old lady named miss havisham , and his hopeless lifetime infatuation with havisham's snobbish adopted daughter , estella .
NEG	if you would actually feel any degree of suspense watching this movie , then god be with you .
NEG	and can anyone please tell me how catherine deneuve got her name placed at the top of this film's credits ?
POS	" six days , seven nights " is a summer movie that gets the summer movie experience deliciously right , a commendable achievement considering the season thus far has been littered with some pretty uneven fare .
POS	the gist of the story is that an anonymous benefactor sends pip to london for pip to become an upper class " gentleman . "
POS	first , the film addresses the issue of the inherent evils of slavery .
POS	it's a forced message in a story which doesn't need such a culture-specific angle .
NEG	it is not that his lines are so good , most are silly jokes .
POS	but her troubles are just beginning , as she soon learns with the arrival of blackmailer alek spera ( goran visnjic , " practical magic " ) in " the deep end . "
NEG	enter darren silverman .
NEG	several extended scenes allow for a continual soundtrack of mediocre pop songs meant to appeal to the adolescent male audience this crap was intended for .
POS	i had heard about this scene before i went to see the film and was surprised to find this sequence largely lacking in camp comedy .
NEG	so i didn't expect too much from this .
POS	rob schneider , however , is irritating as his friend , an immigrant delivery boy who can't read .
POS	from the anticipation of seeing his father's ghost , to the melancholy of finding the burial site of his childhood jester , to his eventual wrath , branagh delivers in spades .
NEG	not even robin williams , who plays a russian doctor who has recently decided to switch from veterinary medicine to obstetrics , has much humor .
NEG	additionally , because none of the characters are well-formed ( a common failing in anything penned by crichton , who's more interested in technology than people ) , viewers don't develop much of a rooting interest .
POS	lisa kudrow , barely seen as crystals' estranged wife to be , basically reprises her phoebe role from t . v series friends , which is getting rather tiresome , and doesn't come off well on the screen .
POS	dr . larch , in his own way , acts similarly .
POS	this meeting does not lead to sex , however , as edward confides that he'd rather just have someone to talk to , and offers her $300 to spend the night .
POS	minutes later , the state of pennsylvania has carried out the execution and edgar reese is dead .
POS	the only problem is , tretiak would like to have this for himself and use it to gain power amongst the people .
POS	he is finally revealed to us as this " second killer " in the film's bloody climax .
POS	" both my wife and daughter think i'm this gigantic loser .
POS	angels , who we quickly learn are not and never were humans , can not experience human sensations such as taste and touch , but they do have the ability to make themselves seen to anyone they desire .
NEG	the screenwriters , for example , periodically use a countdown to the millennium as a means of transition between scenes ( i . e .
NEG	nobody gives a good performance in this film .
NEG	lone , as the bad guy , is zero-dimensional .
NEG	william hurt isn't too bad either .
POS	he has laboured on various music videos and short films in and around campus and chicago .
POS	mark wahlberg stars as capt . leo davidson , a deep-space pilot whose ship gets drawn into a magnetic field and hurled into the future .
NEG	anyway , their fighting catches other pathetic loser's attention , and a club is formed .
NEG	the comedy is supposed to progress when drew's younger brother ( played with zest by david arquette ) reenlists to jump-start his baseball career .
NEG	the question is , are their courtship rituals entertaining ?
NEG	we have come to expect this from billy baldwin , but it might have been nice to have learned something about their characters first .
POS	there's something about ben stiller that makes him a popular choice among casting directors these days .
POS	wag the dog is a funny movie about serious problems : the trivialization of american politics , the role of the press in dumbing down the issues , the impact of hollywood in creating campaign commercials , the reduction of all things political to soundbites and sidebars -- the list goes on .
POS	vincent has a dream to fly a solo-flight around the titan , the 14th moon of saturn , but because of his condition , gattaca , and society in general , forces him to do menial labor around the company .
NEG	the production design is overblown , the special effects are overdone , and the script ( based on bob burden's " dark horse " comic book series ) is overbaked .
POS	the movie is 3 hours and 15 minutes in length .
NEG	this is , of course , only the beginning of the movie's problems .
POS	yawn ! ) .
NEG	so , mr . henslowe employs the young playwright , william shakespeare ( joseph fiennes ) to pen a comedic production .
POS	since the hasidim look upon a woman's role in life being only to conceive children , and cook and clean house for the man , while the man's role is to spend his time in prayer , therefore there is an insurmountable problem in this otherwise loving marriage .
NEG	although the 'snuff' industry hasn't really been examined in mainstream cinema , 8mm still makes a rather plodding thriller which just seems to be a bit sicker than most .
POS	while this is admittingly all a bit comical ( the film is almost like a black comedy ) , the film does do a pretty awesome portrayal of people who's main fetish is living on the edge .
POS	yet his answer to the arms race is not to slow down and try to cool the situation off , as general black ( dan o'herlihy ) has often recommended .
POS	the movie's charm derives mostly from the camaraderie and chemistry between its delightful cast .
POS	and near the end , seeing billy crystal attempt to walk and talk like a mob boss is truly a special treat .
POS	kosteas is a little known actor ( his biggest role was casey jones in " teenage mutant ninja turtles " ) , but here he shows a deniro-like presence , hinting that he's capable of bigger roles .
NEG	he has recently acquired a failing old london publishing house and plans to revitalize it , as he proudly tells kate : " if my father could sell pizzas in harlem , i could sell culture in europe . "
POS	while in the movie , laughing at the movie , terrance and phillip cuss repeatedly entertaining the kids .
NEG	where the original had comedy , the sequel has the kind of revolting silliness that can be found in tv sit-coms .
NEG	one afternoon , she comes to his house to wash his car , and , when she leaves , her clothing is torn .
POS	in fact all the jedi knight are a bit asexual - there must be something about the force which makes them all hermits and loners .
POS	nicole kidman is head of a white house team on weapons smuggling .
POS	which is obviously director wes craven ( who does a good job of poking fun of the genre that made him a legend ) patting himself on the back as he directed the first nightmare movie and none of the others , and when tatum , sidney's friend , mentions the director , wes carpenter , which is obviously an homage by writer kevin williamson to not only craven , but also director john carpenter .
NEG	the tortuous paths of these various characters - and others named cookie , coco and cowboy - intersect at various points but the plot remains elusive because , midway through the story , lynch has the brunette and blonde play two different women in an alternate reality , leaving a huge wad of cash , a blue metallic key , a paralyzed mogul and a lot of questions that go unanswered .
NEG	at least the former " ellen " star is going for something a little different .
NEG	enola , found at sea as a young girl , has a mysterious map no one can read tattooed on her back .
POS	and the collector's edition dvd release is well worth your time if you're either a fan of the film or just a fan of the filmmaking process .
POS	on the technical side , a number of interesting choices were made in filming unzipped .
NEG	poor elle gets a mere 3 scenes and a subplot which is introduced but never finished in any way , shape or form .
POS	otherwise , the movie is fun to watch thanks to its lively cast of young actors .
NEG	the pace does pick up , and some very emotional moments are shown .
NEG	writer/director ron shelton clearly spent much time orchestrating the fight sequence as it is well photographed , well-choreographed , well-edited , and well-performed .
POS	that if they ever got control of the country , their intolerant attitude would subjugate the country the same way the women are .
POS	abolitionists theodore joadson ( morgan freeman ) and lewis tappan ( stellan skarsgard ) want to free them , but tappan sees them primarily as a means to further the cause .
POS	we watch them struggle to cover the horror , while trying to remain professionally detached .
NEG	two years back al pacino gave a terrific performance in the fun " the devil's advocate " and here it seems like the idea of him is in the character also .
NEG	the lawyer had the film the whole time , then gave it away to the private detective thinking that he would just give up on the case and return the film ? !
POS	from lead singer peter steele .
POS	but by the time he pieces this together , he is too late ; orlock has already embarked to hutter's hometown via boat .
NEG	if the story doesn't bother you , the racist and sex jokes will .
NEG	i thought she didn't trust him ) , that i turned to my buddy and asked when the movie had turned into a joke .
POS	the story involves a construction worker named douglas quaid ( arnold schwarzenegger ) who lives on earth with his beautiful wife lori ( sharon stone ) .
POS	second best is oliver platt as the flustered , coke snorting assistant , who goes over the top when he finally snaps .
POS	the title cards have been redone , and they are legible , accurate , and digitally altered to flicker--a very nice touch .
NEG	in the first movie , christopher lambert played raiden and played his character as though he was in on the joke : a french actor playing a japanese thunder god being revered by chinese mystics .
NEG	even if you are going into the film expecting an action packed adventure , you will be disappointed .
NEG	we're introduced to norman goodman ( dustin hoffman ) , a psychologist who once wrote a $35 , 000 report for the government about what to do in the event that a crashed space ship is discovered .
POS	in fact cusack is rarely paired up with a personality that matches his , though i'd bet that if laura and natasha switched roles , the result would be more effective .
POS	had i been part of the filmmaking team , i would have ditched a joke where a key is dropped into a baby's clothes and instead had the key get lost in the cleavage of a dozing society matron .
NEG	or at least let robin shou direct . . .
NEG	that being said , onto the review : the movie starts with a propaganda message from the federation ( who's logo bears a * strong * resemblance to a nazi german eagle ) , urging the populace to go off and fight the bugs , who are attempting to destroy earth .
POS	indeed , the finale plays as full-out camp when the villain is finally unmasked , frothing at the mouth with glazed eyes .
POS	the story's pretty much your average fare , but with a decent twist involving the main villain , a highly clouded figure named jun tao .
POS	as studies of characters these stories are each worth following .
NEG	not bothering to shout nor even get close to them , she announces her warning without raising her voice much or approaching the people .
NEG	the problem isn't with him , it's with the movie's tone .
NEG	i saw the fantastic preview for the avengers nearly eight months ago , and i've been eagerly awaiting the film ever since .
NEG	the mod squad is certainly a slick looking production , complete with nice hair and costumes , but that simply isn't enough .
POS	the first time i saw the cable guy , in theatres , i was in super critic-mode , and didn't really like it .
POS	his story is about family and the lengths a parent will go to protect a child .
NEG	as his potential love interest , kelly preston tries to brighten things up , but she transforms from an all-business media shark to an empathic softy far too quickly and the abrupt change reeks of contrivance .
NEG	as an in-joke there are several lines in the script borrowed from the 1968 film and an old ape played by charleton heston becomes an allusion to the first film by itself .
POS	it's often as funny as anything , too .
NEG	he even does his captain kirk impersonation .
NEG	i've always considered myself pretty open about the gratuity a film can possess , whether in language , violence , sex , or what have you .
NEG	.
POS	in short , the antithesis of all things hollywood .
NEG	that , plus a quick demonstration of the amazing special effects in the trailer , should be enough to lure us into the theatre .
NEG	russell who is usually a good actor in b-grade action flicks is unusually hampered by his character ? sergeant todd , who seems more like a sergeant toad .
POS	i muttered , with a little trepidation , that she might enjoy high fidelity .
POS	almost every cent that's invested in a jackie chan movie goes for stunts , and as chan does his own stunts , the rest of the money goes to pay his hospital bills .
POS	then doug quaid , played by schwarzenegger , wakes up .
POS	one of them continues a confrontation that was only touched on lightly in the film .
NEG	lucas was wise to start his star wars trilogy with episode 4 : episode 1 is a boring , empty spectacle that features some nice special effects .
POS	we know from the narration that she's monstrously unhappy with her arranged marriage to zane , but there isn't any expression of these feelings until she encounters dicaprio .
NEG	big daddy really isn't that good .
POS	shot in 1969 at an outdoor concert that precluded woodstock , the film defies the stereotype of the general population at the time .
POS	great acting talent assembled for this film was mirrored with kaufman's superb direction .
POS	even so , the essence of horror is carried out very well in this film , thanks to its well-paced storytelling , disturbing set designs and some really gory sequences ( which incidentally , has been quite generously removed by our censorship board ) .
NEG	but is it any good ?
POS	though i read the book a long time ago and i really do not remember what it was about , i do know that this film does not disappoint .
NEG	the answer is just about everything .
POS	rush hour
POS	vinny's friend ritchie ( adrien brody ) hates disco , works at a gay strip club and doesn't want any of the neighborhood folks to know .
NEG	my daughter and i had a really vile time at my favorite martian a few weeks back , and here comes another disney effects-filled live-action flick based on an old tv program .
NEG	unfortunately , she hangs out in jet set circles , which gradually makes mirkine pathologically jealous .
POS	atlantis was adapted by william goldman , who had previously penned the big-screen version of misery and is in the process of working on the script for king's dreamcatcher .
POS	other times they deteriorate , become overwhelmed = with little strength or incentive to swim .
NEG	looks !
POS	sometimes the language can be pushing the limits for a family movie , but the violence is what should keep kids at home .
POS	julia stiles was also good , but her character wasn't much different from others that she's played recently .
NEG	directed by kevin smith .
NEG	the battle droids for example , the replacement for the stormtroopers , are characterless little computer graphics , lacking the humour and humanness that came from the stormtroopers .
POS	i just want everyone to know that i laughed .
NEG	louie learns to read and write and returns to his flock , but is laughed at once again when no other swans can understand his message of love for serina .
POS	oh , the irony of it .
POS	henry fool ( " used to have an ? e' " ) arrives at garbageman simon grim's house , claims the vacant basement apartment , and almost instantly inspires simon ( urbaniak ) to take up writing-henry ( martin donovan look-alike ryan ) is an ex-convict , a once-great author who has been " exiled and marginalized " by the publishing community because of his criminal activity .
NEG	if you're in the mood for a good suspense film , though , stake out something else .
NEG	nobody acts like this .
POS	stuart does a phenomenal job in a brief role , narrating the story of her experience to a stunned paxton and his roughneck crew .
NEG	looked like the cameramen were drunk and kept tripping on their own feet . . . . . . very
POS	my friend commented it was the best sound mix he has ever heard .
NEG	each time graham greene shows up he gets killed .
NEG	oh , the pathos of it all .
NEG	movie seems to have a 'dog-in-danger' sequence - volcano , dante's peak , independence day , daylight , twister .
NEG	in the last shot where father and daughter are hopelessly digging for the lost luggage , one has the impression that no one in the film learned anything about themselves or the past .
POS	`we run tings .
NEG	this is one of the cheapest ways to ellicit an emotional response from an audience , and i , for one , am not going to be fooled .
NEG	yes , it's watchable .
POS	you can tell just by watching these first few moments that this show isn't about vanity , it's about playing the music you love to those who have an appreciation for it , a two-way street .
NEG	the highlight of the cast , however , has to be saturday night live member chris kattan .
POS	atlantis' present-day setting which bookends the film is based on the novel's final chapter , titled heavenly shades of night are falling , and features david morse ( in yet another connection to the green mile ) as a married , middle-aged bobby who learns of the death of both of his childhood friends and returns to the dilapidated boarding house in which he spent his formative years .
POS	the masked bank robbers operate by always first going to the bank manager's house and holding his family hostage and then they go to the bank and force the manager to open the vault for them or else his family gets it .
POS	here , he's aided and abetted by a director , patrick read johnson , whose choreography could rival a coen brother .
NEG	it's movies like this that make ya sit back and ask the unanswerable question , " what the hell were they thinking ? ? ? "
POS	[critic's note #1 : it is one my personal policy not to intentionally analyze spoilers because i would like my reviews to be able to make sense to the reader both before and after viewing the film reviewed , but it would be nearly impossible to do the film justice here without breaking the rule .
NEG	degeneres' sgt .
NEG	the photography is good , but i kept wishing for b&w--everything seems sepia-colored anyway .
NEG	there's one scene where schneider looks through the ship's pantry in disgust , holds one food can up and announces , " this expired in 1966 ! "
POS	giles , who is a widower and a recluse , does not frequent the cinema , but when he learns that an e . m . forster film is playing at the local theater , he screws up his courage and decides to go .
POS	mostly it is frightening and shocking as it goes deeper into the minds of these strange men and we witness their psychological change .
NEG	there isn't any real acting in this film .
POS	one problem , though .
POS	there , in a pool of blackness , is a grand piano .
POS	the cast ( all very good comedic talents ) play well off one another , while the late madeline kahn ( as the dark and sultry mrs . white ) sometimes steals the film away from the rest .
NEG	so then he thought , " let me wait another five years , get a weak script jammed with cliches and hope that jimmy smits and kim basinger could pull it out of its ashes " ? ! ?
POS	evoking pleasant childhood memories is only one of the many things `a christmas story' does so well .
POS	sure , there are some mildly interesting subplots , but they all fail in comparison to the utter cuteness of the main relationship .
POS	good will hunting does both , and , as a result , earns a rating commensurate with the " good " in the title .
NEG	warning : may contain slight mild spoilers .
POS	it'll truck into a character's pimple , just as soon as it will dolly out to an establishing shot .
POS	goldman , for those of you who don't read premiere , writes what seems like an annual criticism of everybody else's films , carefully explaining why they all suck , make no sense and insult their audiences , while somehow failing to mention the crap that he's penned ( like the general's daughter ) .
NEG	first , there's the rampant usage of randian subtext that pervades the entire movie .
NEG	fincher shows us that society is like robots .
POS	i rate the film an 8 on the 0 to 10 scale and a high +2 on the -4 to +4 scale .
NEG	she's a monster that wayne and j . d . must defeat to save their friend .
POS	when i left the theater after seeing david lynch's " lost highway , " i remarked to a fellow movie-goer , " i feel like someone just sucked my brains out through my nose and put them back in through my ears . "
NEG	allayah , in her feature film debut manages to carry what little is asked of her with a certain style and grace .
NEG	so why was it made ?
NEG	the film's killer slices and dices comely college students to the tune of famous urban legends ( you know , like the babysitter gets threatening phone calls only to find that they're coming from inside the house ) .
POS	things happen , and he's stuck .
POS	when marie wakes up , jean is nowhere to be found .
NEG	aiello's zesty performance gives harlem nights some much needed spice .
NEG	platt and white , on the other hand , seem to be giving their best efforts , and they manage to squeeze a few chuckles out of this sorry script .
POS	even the fascism gets fellinian make-over - fellini views mussolini's totalitarian regime as nothing more than visual spectacle ( explaining why similar regimes enjoyed such popular support throughout history ) and opportunity for comedy .
NEG	hollywood is running out of ideas bad , and like i've always said before needs new ones .
POS	she is credible enough that when dad urges carlos to get away from her before she drags him down , i hoped the boy would listen .
NEG	but bad , it is .
NEG	as a hot-shot defense attorney , kevin lomax ( keanu reeves ) has a special talent for picking juries that will ultimately acquit his clients .
NEG	overall , i thought this was a very weak effort .
NEG	harry is fond of jack but is in love with catherine .
POS	a few times we get unconvincing matte shot , particularly of the laboratory .
NEG	the result is a character whose actions feel less like the authentic responses of an anguished man than the machinations of a high-concept movie plot .
POS	when the finale ended , the fbi branch known as the x-files had been destroyed , and our heroes , mulder ( david duchovny ) and scully ( gillian anderson ) were left stripped of five years of hard work .
NEG	for richer or poorer is a moronic farce about a rich married couple ( played by tim allen and kirstie alley ) who seek refuge in an amish community after their bumbling accountant ( wayne knight , best know as newman on tv's " seinfeld " ) gets them in trouble for tax evasion .
POS	the only problem is that the company peter bowman works for is being auctioned off , and no one will step forward with the money .
NEG	so when i , the one person who has refused to abandon him despite patch adams , tell you that not even williams can save his latest project , you know it's in trouble .
POS	essentially , it goes against and defies all concepts of good contemporary filmmaking .
POS	depends on whom you ask .
NEG	out of frustration after quitting her job as a dishwasher and facing eviction from her apartment , she reluctantly accepts a job as a nanny with an hasidic couple that an old man in her parents' apartment building , mr . apfelschnitt ( topol ) , tells her about .
POS	you've got mail works alot better than it deserves to .
NEG	he was always a watchable actor , but has not yet made stardom .
POS	he is forced to move back in with his family after he can no longer support himself , and there the comedy truly picks up .
NEG	the first punch is a boulder that comes rolling down the hill next to the villa .
NEG	kai confronts po sing ( jon kit lee ) , the son of kai's boss and leader of the local chinese family .
NEG	you want to see this concept executed well ?
NEG	movies that are rated pg and pg-13 are heavily marketed towards children of preteen age and below .
NEG	tsui does what he can to make something of them , employing freeze frames , blurred motion , and unconventional camera angles , but there is nothing fundamentally special about the fairly generic chase and fight sequences written by desouza .
POS	perhaps an erotic lapdance might stir his senses .
NEG	it turns out to be a bad plan when he loses a patient and his license while under the influence .
POS	this allows us to comprehend and accept truman's world before we contextualize it .
POS	cinematically , the truman show is impeccable , stylishly photographed by peter biziou and littered with symbolic images .
NEG	he would much rather live next door with fellow boggs worker chloe moore ( joan sims ) but once he discovers that the budgie can predict the winners of horse races , he is over the moon and flush with money .
NEG	however , in order to get the money and save the jobs of the factory workers , jimmie must be married before his next birthday ( which is just over 24 hours away ) .
NEG	however , we don't see any reason why they should be considered bad .
NEG	why is it that most courtroom scenes in the movies are absurd ?
POS	computer chip .
NEG	for a supernatural thriller this is neither scary nor intense because it's so cliche .
POS	it's a terrific performance .
NEG	this film does a remarkable job of demonstrating exactly how exciting watching algae grow would be .
POS	perhaps this is one to see , ponder , and then watch again with different eyes .
POS	everyday , he watches as " superior " folk make his fantasy a reality .
NEG	for years , blackwolf has lost his battles against the magical forces of good , since his armies of ogres and other mutants would get dispirited or distracted soon after battle is joined .
POS	the city streets are ugly , the gangsters are shown to be capable of any action to defend their own interests , whether it is betrayal or murder .
NEG	and it's " pulp fiction " producer laurence bender who gets to puke from a window .
NEG	some may argue that the movie has a message , but all that came across to me is that i could probably get more entertainment watching that informercial with the guy in the question mark coat .
NEG	movies can do the two big es very well : educate and entertain .
NEG	opinion : bride of chucky is an attempt at horror with humor , but doesn't succeed .
NEG	does this mean that popularity is the key to getting away with murder ?
POS	the offering is food that a vile group of grasshoppers force the ants too harvest for them .
NEG	appreciate the spoon-feeding , dude . . . yum ,
NEG	if you don't know the answer , you may be just the right viewer for this film .
NEG	there's also a gail weathers official site ( galeweathers . com ) and a sunrise sucks site that has more " stab " scandals the studio wants to cover up ( sunrisesucks . com ) .
NEG	i read the new yorker magazine and i enjoy some of their really in-depth articles about some incident .
NEG	have you seen " event horizon " ( a lame movie in its own right ) ?
NEG	when we were walking out of the theater , one guy ( and it wasn't me ) yelled out , " that was the worst f$&#in' movie i've ever seen " and the rest of us had to laugh in agreement .
NEG	not when all of this takes place in 15 minutes .
POS	hurt certainly has had better roles ( stephen ward in scandal ) .
NEG	because of the weak characters and the lack of screen chemistry between them , the film flounders with all the appeal of a dead fish until the boxing match actually begins .
NEG	well , after watching it ( it indeed was a bad print ) i was glad i didn't dish out $7 to waste three hours of my time sitting in a bad theatre watching a bad movie .
POS	they remain little more than placeholders reading " insert friend here " .
POS	with his last two films - shine and snow falling on cedars - australian director scott hicks has proven his cinematic flashbacks to be some of the best out there , and his latest , hearts in atlantis , is no different .
NEG	after betrayed , 1988 thriller by costa gavras , hollywood mostly ignored the disturbing trends of rising right-wing extremism in the american northwest , and that remained so until oklahoma city bombing , when media hype brought right-wingers back into spotlight .
NEG	terra-forming .
NEG	" original sin " will never join such treasures as " valley of the dolls , " " road house " and " showgirls " in the bad movie hall of fame , but it'll do until something worse comes along .
NEG	with the noisy fire roaring all about them and with the trapped people huddled near their gasoline-filled cars , smokejumper monica ( christianne hirt ) tells them to get away from their soon-to-explode vehicles .
POS	what they've got works , so you can easily accept it for the pleasant little comedy that it is .
NEG	this is a further abandonment of the source material .
POS	pictures from a reconnaissance plane show a shocking sight .
POS	meanwhile , the giant begins to exhibit ominous behavior that suggests he was built to be a weapon of some kind .
NEG	will smith plays james west , a renegade cowboy who was originally played by white actor robert conrad in the tv series .
NEG	this one had an original one .
POS	broderick and sheedy are just fine as the young teenagers ( although her interest in david remains a mystery ) .
POS	julia and robby become good friends when she enlists him to help with the wedding plans .
NEG	the fireworks occur because she outgrows her husband's first impressions of her as someone who was impressed with his genius and worships at his feet .
NEG	i get the feeling a hollywood producer sits in his office , chews on a big smelly cigar and says to the director , " welcome to america !
POS	unlike " trainspotting , " which was successful in having it both ways by chronicling both the highs and the lows of heroin abuse , " permanent midnight " instead focuses on the concept of drug addiction as maintenance .
POS	it is emotionally engaging , but it's not quite larger than life .
NEG	hype turned into damage control when word got out about 11th-hour reshoots ( wrapped only a month ago ) , a rash of studio-imposed edits that left virtually the entire cast and crew ( especially christopher ) unhappy , and the very likely possibility that miramax would not screen the finished film for critics .
NEG	" if you give me a couple of minutes you know i'll charm the pants off you . "
POS	where the script has problems is that in the end it is so ambiguous .
NEG	if you ever have to be chased by monsters , pray that you get the monkey warriors .
POS	however , the part of doc played by peter butterworth and sheriff albert earp played by jon pertwee are not really necessary , and pertwee's performance is rather poor .
NEG	his sets are obsessively detailed , and even before the cgi kicks in , they seem alive , never quite still .
NEG	tarzan continues this trend .
NEG	queen amidala is a nothing in the film , she serves no real purpose apart from the fact that she must 'serve her people , ' and go goo-goo over anakin .
POS	in any event , wong performs admirably as well .
POS	the farmer whose dog was tortured to death comes into the scientist's lab and knocks him cold while he was in the middle of a phone conversation with one of the higher-ups who told him all the animals he needs are on the way .
POS	? he's not stark raving mad ( not outright , anyway ) , but he's definitely bonkers .
POS	tommy lee jones almost steals the show as deputy sam gerard , a u . s . marshall who is an expert in hunting fugitives .
NEG	wesley snipes isn't one of my favorite actors because of the fact that the character he plays in every movie is the same character he plays in the movie before .
POS	that chemistry was a high point ( and probably the saving point ) before and , now , the pair wears their friendship like a comfortable suit .
NEG	but most of it is just outright silly .
NEG	however , as interesting as the film sounds ( and i was excited to see it because the synopsis is promising ) , it never really delivers .
POS	at the urging of calhoun , the president then appeals the case to the supreme court , populated by a majority of slave-owners .
NEG	apparantly , everybody can now fly .
POS	are you getting this , shorty ?
POS	the other two contenders , warner brothers' quest for camelot and disney's own annual entry , mulan , lacked inspiration and drive respectively .
NEG	the first film was smart , exhilirating , and one of the best disaster films i had ever seen .
POS	this film contains extreme profanity ( over 130 " f " words and a collection of others ) .
NEG	a hotshot lawyer gets an obviously guilty child molester acquitted , and shortly after during the victory celebration gets offered an opportunity to show his prowess in new york city .
NEG	it wants to get by on quirkyness and so-called charm alone , and it just doesn't work .
NEG	after that , they start using the dead people to create half-human , half-machine creatures that look like the terminator but are much worse at walking around .
NEG	i had liked it when i saw it the first time ( * * * was my original view ) and basically saw it as a good " escape film . "
NEG	in fact , take away the few instances of salty language and this has made-for-disney channel written all over it .
POS	charles martin smith is also fantastic as the final member who attempts to use an income tax offense against capone .
NEG	a sense that there were formidable forces on both sides of this equation .
NEG	koontz is a hack writer producing way too many thrillers for his own good , but he is still my favorite hack writer .
POS	i mean , it left me completely bored , unsatisfied , and generally kinda weirded out .
POS	mr . menken's score for the film is equally top-notch ; the sequence where eric ( voiced by christopher daniel barnes ) and ariel tour his kingdom in a horse-drawn carriage becomes magical and wondrous with mr . menken's fine score .
NEG	as mentioned above , there were many questions that stayed with me while viewing the film .
NEG	so , basically , his drug habit got him a book deal , a movie based on his life , and now he's apparently collaborating with stiller on future projects .
NEG	the rest of the cast acts at a level considerably below that of delpy -- which is to say , they give performances appropriate for the screenplay .
POS	the dvd release of this film from elite entertainment contains the film in it's original aspect ratio of 1 . 33 : 1 .
POS	jewison's determination to make this film as realistic as possible is very obvious here and also very appropriate .
POS	this film will certainly win on effects , costume , set design and sound .
NEG	the film opens with emily ( paltrow ) and david ( viggo mortensen ) 'having fun' in an loft apartment .
POS	she finds that grown-up merrill ( lanai chapman ) is erudite , conservative and more than a little bit wary of this stranger trying to jump into her life .
NEG	i am guessing that this film was supposed to be some three-hour exercise in spirituality , but unfortunately for me , it was neither spiritual or the least bit engaging .
POS	the film marks the final work of tony richardson who died shortly after its completion in 1991 .
NEG	but i won't because i do still respect all of the actors in this film and actually did laugh at azaria , green and tucci's antics from time to time ( ironic , eh . . . what
NEG	i know i have seen all the plot elements of sexy beast in old westerns like the law and jake wade .
POS	this film is genuinely funny and i could watch it again and again and not get bored !
NEG	but milton is far more than just a corrupt partner of the firm .
POS	those who stray will supposedly meet with a dark fate .
POS	what remains interesting and exciting , however , after brief glimpses is the fascinating world besson has created with production designer dan weil , director of photography thierry arbogast , visual effects supervisor mark stetson , and the crew at digital domain .
POS	death -- even gruesome , bloody death -- can be funny if handled the right way ( some will be offended by this statement , but you need look no further than pulp fiction for an example ) .
NEG	now look at the warehouse fight from " rumble in the bronx " .
NEG	al pacino is given top billing but the wigand family is the core of the insider .
POS	he wants to avoid the celebrations and recognition that his friends would like to bestow upon him .
NEG	i'd seen enough .
NEG	i felt the same way watching drowning mona .
POS	but , despite those shortcomings , this movie remains interesting and rare combination of action thriller and gritty , realistic political drama .
NEG	i don't know if these phrases are word for word , but they're close .
NEG	he was found and is coming back to the united states a convicted killer ; he murdered to african policemen who were allegedly trying to capture him .
NEG	but now i'm rambling on again about the negative things , aren't i ?
POS	although director scott has made missteps in the past , such as the lame thriller the fan , he's generated a good deal of energy in pictures like crimson tide and top gun .
POS	he also starts to miss his family , not just for their company , but for the security they bring .
NEG	i left the theater feeling cheated by the way crichton and his screenwriters had chosen to end the film .
POS	as gibson delivers lines like , " before this war is over , i am going to kill you , " schwarzenegger in commando or stallone in cobra immediately come to mind .
POS	in case you don't know , dante's peak is about a volcano and the city which lives in it's shadow , dante's peak ( who would've guessed , eh ? ) .
POS	in one scene marty and lesly are playing chop sticks together on the piano when jackie-o pushes her aside and starts playing a challenging classical piece for four hands .
NEG	in addition , many of the sequences have irritating , grainy film quality , which makes it feel low-budget ( the last scene is particularly bad ) .
NEG	is it a film about a nasty , amoral hitman who's in everything for the money ?
NEG	maneuvering in space suits outside the ship seems realistic .
NEG	a few scenes are nicely realized ( though i'm at a loss to recall enough to be specific ) , and the actors providing the voice talent are enthusiastic ( though most are paired up with singers who don't sound a thing like them for their big musical moments -- jane seymour and celine dion ? ? ? ) .
POS	( my apologies if this sounds cryptic , but there is too much of the plot to give away ) .
POS	i felt he at least deserved an oscar nomination for his work in barton fink .
NEG	he is promptly captured and taken to the alien base .
POS	the acting is top notch , and the three principles - smith , hackman , and voight - are generally more mature and excellent all around .
POS	and that's only half the fun .
NEG	an unsung and under appreciated actor , mr . lindo turns out the films best performance .
NEG	in all fairness , my companion loved the film .
NEG	i originally wrote this review for my college newspaper back in '95 , but i wanted to re-write it because not all retro reviews should be about the classics .
POS	when the leaders of the ant colony send flik out on his mission , they never dream he will be successful , they just hope they can get him out of the way so they can harvest the extra food .
POS	she can't quite get over him .
POS	eventually , the stories all meet each other in the end , with pumpkin and honey bunny holding up the restaurant , which happens to contain both vincent and jules .
POS	this seems a particularly westernized family with the father wearing american designer sweaters and the family speaking mostly english .
POS	instead the ship heads up the coast to the united states .
POS	but unlike many teen sex comedies , there is a genuine intelligence at work here .
POS	based on the german film wings of desire ( that being the english title , of course ) , city of angels is ninety percent success , enough to make most people forgive its shortcomings , even the devastatingly disappointing ending .
POS	michael j . fox does the voice of stuart himself and just like in the " homeward bound " movies does a fantastic job and brings more out of stuart than anyone else could .
POS	it is easy to label something sentimental or tear jerking when one has not experienced the heartache of losing a child ? whether that may be in life or in death .
POS	heche has been under undeserved fire over whether or not her private life with ellen degeneres would affect the " believability " of " six days , seven nights " ' heterosexual pairing .
POS	the characters' faces are done quite well , drawn realistically enough to make the personalities credible , but the features are exaggerated so as to allow for the cartoonish expressions that provide for comic relief .
NEG	real westerns .
POS	everything seems natural -yeager can indulge himself in horse riding just few yards away from the fastest and most precious aircraft in the world .
NEG	the good news is that sandler doesn't actually appear in " deuce " and that rob schneider and eddie griffin are funnier than sandler .
NEG	this movie desperately wants to get mentioned in the same breath as the coen brothers , but home fries' brand of laboured hipness would be foreign to geniuses like ethan and joel .
POS	dean , for example , could have been a stereotypical beatnik ( his character profile seems to suggest that ) , but he is presented as a character with real emotions , thoughts , and motivations .
NEG	singer lisa loeb is listed in the credits as having portrayed the character of olivia morice , but i personally did not notice her .
POS	as they make their way down the street , a sniper shoots the mother of the bride .
NEG	but the only thing the two movies have in common is sandra bullock as the female lead .
NEG	ok , so " never been kissed " is not a sociological expose of today's high school scene .
NEG	and that record is not improved with the unbearable tale of american outlaws .
POS	it's a cute , funny and very good-natured film that has nothing for parents to squirm over except a few mild cusswords .
NEG	it's actually not so bad that dreamworks decided to release the love letter at about the same time as star wars episode i : the phantom menace , because this way less people will have to sit through this dreadful little comedy .
POS	with his round , sweet-eerie face he resembles bud cort from harold and maude .
NEG	his , uh , shoulder to cry on comes in the form of clown ( john leguizamo ) , a disgustingly disproportioned minion of satan's .
NEG	what i really look for in this kind of movie is the entertainment value while i'm sitting in the theater .
NEG	vow to stay away from it all ! ! "
POS	daphne rubin-vega , from broadway's " rent , " tries to compensate for a superfluous character .
NEG	i knew the film wasn't beloved and i never had any interest in it before , but i was willing to give it a shot because of the impressive amount of work put into the disc .
NEG	there is a visual curiosity that was popular in the sixties .
NEG	an awful movie on all counts , my suggestion is to bring back buffy and bury this group of incompetent , rude vampire slayers .
POS	this is the film that gives us faith that hong kong cinema is alive and flourishing .
POS	malkovich falls under none of these categories , and it's quite refreshing to see that occur .
NEG	but , in the same time , almost any of such pearls is followed by stinkers that hamper lumet's reputation .
POS	at a slim 94 minutes , there's a lot of stuff that's packed into an awfully small package .
POS	indeed , elizabeth is one of the most visually beautiful films of the decade , ranking with kundun and braveheart .
POS	little do they know , they are already in love with each other over the internet , only neither party knows the other person's true identity .
POS	there are no cgi animated creatures , no bullets in slow motion .
POS	this is standard , but somehow fresh and postmodern stuff : the clown who is also a jew , triumphs over the anti-semitic society in which he = lives .
NEG	whatever . . . skip
NEG	you're capable of much better mr . cage .
NEG	you'll be able to see the monster in the corner ! "
NEG	issac implores his chief of security , mac ( issiah washington ) to watch after his son and daughter .
POS	if the film has a fault , it is that the last half hour drags a little and the film doesn't quite reach a completely satisfying climax .
NEG	we are even treated to a five second shot from the point of view of van damme's foot entering a shoe .
NEG	" mystery science theater 3000 " has skewered the bad films of the past , but let me tell you , it could do a number on the " good " ones too .
NEG	blues brothers 2000 is deserving of one whole star simply because if you really , really love this kind of music , you might kind of , sort of like this movie .
NEG	too .
NEG	just what we need : another lurid , trashy serial killer saga .
NEG	" in dreams " reaches its absurdist zenith here , and the climax drags with mumbled revelations and laughable twists .
NEG	a race of large hulking ape-like creatures has taken over the world while our cities lie in ruin .
NEG	it also featured the music of one of my favorite film composers , james horner .
NEG	( i'm paraphrasing ) " type of exchange is used at least four times in the opening ten minutes of the film , each time getting progressively less funny .
NEG	director hark tsui , whose previous film was the van damme/dennis rodman teamed " double team , " films at such a frenetic pace that it's hard to know what's going on , who's on whose side , and what the point of all this is .
POS	abbe coulmier ( phoenix ) , who runs the hospital , disapproves of the stories , but humours him in the hope of achieving a cure .
NEG	apparently they had some unfinished business that could only be concluded with her getting slaughtered .
NEG	it's written by carl j . dupr ? , which sounds like as made-up a name as i've ever heard .
NEG	to make matter worse this print was poorly subtitled into english from french .
POS	she contacts authorities , but they can't find him either .
NEG	that type of moviemaking is a lost art .
NEG	and since it left me feeling completely unmoved , i stand by my position that sentimentality is evil and will ultimately destroy the world .
POS	all this may sound like a drag , but it really captures your interest .
NEG	they are relegated to providing slapstick guy humor and the two are more than equal to the task .
POS	i'd have to say this is his finest achievement to date , because quite frankly i've never really found his work to be up to par .
NEG	an example is when avatar nonchalantly says , " well , looks like my brother and i begin our final battle . "
POS	but , do these four backwoods boys even have the slightest hope of escaping their destiny ?
NEG	however , bob has gotten his biggest break yet : a starring role on a soap opera opposite the beautiful kelly ( daryl hannah ) , who may be that illusive woman he's always pursued : a real blonde .
NEG	will it be the large group near the cars or the helpless little girl and monica's two firefighting buddies ?
NEG	it's also funny , even when it isn't meaning to be funny .
NEG	the script makes it clear that we're supposed to believe that his character is flawed , but still a good guy .
NEG	wes craven supposedly filmed three different endings to keep the real one a secret , so it's quite possible the one in the final cut was randomly chosen .
POS	frank capra's film is a centenial classic -- watched and re-experienced by every generation .
NEG	helen slater effectively portrays supergirl as the innocent , naive character she's written to be , as she's able to gaze at flowers and bunnies with the right amount of genuine wonder to make it believable .
NEG	instead , the babysitter is a dull , lifeless movie which manages to bore and ultimately irritate its viewers .
POS	as the film flashes back to 1935 , graham greene is quickly executed without any introduction .
POS	then that leads us to the brilliant final showdown on new york city's crowded streets , and a madman with a nuke walking among them .
POS	as i said before , he is cute , but repeated viewings reveal more about how columbus covered himself than about culkin's insight into his character .
POS	dark corridors lit by red lights are very impressive , but more impressive is the amount of terror which arises from well-lit locations .
NEG	ms . jovovich , looks spectacular as joan , clad in battle armor , astride a similarly protected horse .
NEG	they've stacked the deck with two big stars ( val kilmer , michael douglas ) , a bigger production design , beautiful photography ( by academy award winner vilmos zsigmond ) , and a score so overblown that it makes the lion king soundtrack sound like chamber music .
POS	people watch truman's life 24 hours a day , live , with no commercial interruptions .
NEG	in fact , i found this movie to be more depressing than comedic .
NEG	[r]
POS	the money was obviously well-spent .
NEG	black guy .
POS	the sound was very well done and added to the many intense moments .
POS	no really .
POS	note : some may consider portions of the following text to be spoilers .
POS	he comes close , but falls short .
POS	he is also concerned that his wife and three kids will have to go on welfare .
NEG	but the main problem with the film is its inability to create any type of convincing conversational or situational comedy .
POS	we met inspector frank bumstead ( hurt ) , a quiet , unemotional , soft-spoken deadpan man who appears to have been on the trail of the killer for some time .
NEG	it's not a boring film , just not a good one .
POS	that shows how smart people are , as it would have made the movie a hell of a lot more interesting , and that would've gotten a four star rating out of me .
NEG	and then , of course , a murderer .
NEG	it's not so bad to the point where it's fun to watch because of its badness and it's no so bad you absolute loathe it and are pained by watching it , it's just such a cliche in and of itself , that , uhh . . .
NEG	it's also a depressing waste of talent , with the solid team of michael keaton and andy garcia unthankfully thrown thankless lead roles , not to mention once-cool director barbet schroeder sadly continuing his string of not-cool flicks -- this thriller is more " before and after " than " reversal of fortune . "
POS	no thanks to the jedi knights who although led by the force , lack leadership qualities in terms of thinking up a plan to do anything .
NEG	now we can add two other hong kong filmmakers to the mix with star jet li and director and fight choreographer corey yuen kwai .
NEG	apparently , no one heard my words .
POS	the film is meant to be critical of such a rigid people , as it implies how they kill the spirit of everything they touch and with their extreme phobic attitudes , it makes it impossible for them to unite the country when they can't at present live in harmony with their own people , and it would be even more impossible to imagine them living with their arab neighbors in peace .
POS	" the wrong trousers , " for example , pulled out a lot of old hitchcockian suspense tricks , and " a close shave " owed a great deal of inspiration to classic detective stories .
POS	shot in the back and paralyzed for life .
POS	joan allen's magnificent and captivating performance is certainly worth an oscar statuette .
POS	review : at first , " the pledge " appears to be just another standard , if well-executed , crime drama .
NEG	this is mentally-challenged filmmaking ; they assume the audience won't get what's going on , so they explain everything five times over .
POS	total recall is a typical sci-fi film wrapped around an intresting ( if far fetched ) plot .
POS	the scene is meant to bring a laugh , but it also says that no matter whether people are rich or poor , food is something which everyone has in common , and the enjoyment of food is an experience shared by all .
POS	the meeting of their worlds , added with the situation which they are put into makes the entire storytelling process near flawless .
NEG	she wants to build a career as an actress .
POS	we watch oskar schindler ( liam neeson ) grow from an arrogant , self important man who hires jews only to save money into a moving figure , with a deep sense of pride and accomplishment .
NEG	other than that , i wish i could just fast forward through all the gaping holes in the film , and just sit back and stare at the scenery .
NEG	but if you really don't mind a rehashed gobbledygook of various satanic and " kid " -based thrillers , and enjoy watching films that don't bring anything new to the table . . . well ,
NEG	and kids will continue to see films like spawn , simply because they are unable to differentiate what makes an imaginative , wondrous film from an insipid and wasteful one .
NEG	in fact , con air usually opts for too much of something when the tiniest measure of restraint would have been an improvement -- too many characters , too much editing , too many dopey punch lines , too much of the cheap , ugly appeals to machismo which characterize too many bruckheimer efforts .
POS	although enjoyable , it was not the numerous beheadings and the plentiful gore that spurted left and right . .
POS	sandler plays robby hart , a wedding singer who once had dreams of being in a rock band and writing his own music .
POS	meanwhile paltrow portrays estella as alternating between infuriating tease and ice princess ; estella's whole purpose is to get men to fall in love and then hurt them rather than become intimate .
POS	just how will the soviet union's leader react , and what can the president do to convey his best intentions ?
NEG	their island paradise has room , of course , for one more in the form of the still-alive killer ( muse watson ) from the first film .
NEG	they're trying to break into the biz , but captain amazing ( greg kinnear ) , the city's hero numero uno , hogs all the action .
NEG	during their stay in beverly hills , she grows from feeling awkward in beverly hills high to immediately having many high school girlfriends and even a high school rich boy admirer-- a t . s .
POS	at once fragile and vivacious , the dazzling red-haired woman sweeps him off his feet without even trying .
POS	mrs . doubtfire has to overcome a mountain of implausibilities to work , and basically it does so .
POS	life * is * beautiful for guido orefice ( roberto benigni , directing himself here for the sixth time in his career ) , an italian jew , master con man , and aspiring waiter extraordinaire .
POS	soon homer is delivering babies like a professional .
POS	a significant chunk of gridlock'd is devoted to spoon and stretch's flight from d-reper and from the police , and those sub-plots serve up some thoroughly predictable moments .
POS	the next scene has a film director , james ( james spader ) , having sex with a camera woman ( alice poon ) in an office on the highly-populated set of his movie .
NEG	ears hurt ! ) .
POS	the british hutter is an eager real estate man assigned to visit and discuss future living arrangements with count orlock of transylvania .
POS	which brings us to " nosferatu : a symphony of horror " : surely he felt a kinship with his title character , the looming vampire embodied by intimidating max schreck ; in one of the most indelible images in film history , silent or otherwise , schreck rises from his grave , gnarled hands outstretched , and he's so big that part of his head is cropped by the top of the frame .
NEG	this is truly nothing more than a pompous showcase for seagal's righteousness and narcissistic arrogance .
NEG	the special effects are nice , especially the plane crash , and there's a good ( if very loud ) soundtrack by veteran composer jerry goldsmith .
NEG	but judging by the latest efforts from the don bluth studios , the visuals are the only thing fox has to brag about .
POS	milos forman has done a great job in directing the people vs . larry flynt .
POS	then there is rufus sewell as fortinbras of norway .
POS	the animation is first-rate .
POS	tracy flick ( reese witherspoon ) is an intelligent , outgoing , and , to quote the film , " super nice " young girl .
POS	stephane ignores his feelings for camille , which the audience cannot help but to see is present .
POS	the emperor has called for a conscription , one man from each family to join the army and defend the nation .
NEG	if i had to summarize this film , i think i'd conclude it was an updating of one of those old new england folk tales of someone selling their souls to old scratch and how they try to get out of the deal .
POS	also , there's a scene early on in the film where the group sits around and listens to a tape recorder which they've found that's explaining about the demonic forces in the woods .
POS	it's a well-known fact that the only boys to make a name for themselves are the ones that get out of the town on football scholarships ; the rest grow up to work in the coal mine .
POS	while watching chad in his moment of triumph , i couldn't help but think that bill gates must have felt the same sort of cold , merciless satisfaction when he finally stuck it to steve jobs .
POS	unfortunately it kept creeping back in , particularly with the fear , and the chaos of the time .
POS	of course , i was expecting aliens again , and i believe this was my fault .
NEG	it's pretty bad .
POS	i'm not quite sure how best to go about writing this review .
NEG	finally , when the conclusion arrived and the end credits began to role , the film left me with another question : what was the point ?
POS	there was no nudity , no violence , no bad language , nothing that i could see that would be offensive or inappropriate for a general audience ( okay , whoopi goldberg did refer to someone " boning " someone , but the last i knew that wasn't one of the seven words you can't say on tv ) .
NEG	of course there must be a villain , but even this villain ( donadio as sipes ) isn't that evil .
POS	all the audience can tell is that blood is being spilled .
POS	steven spielberg has always been a skilfull filmmaker -- his assured hand churned out both jurassic parks , jaws , the indiana jones films , and e . t .
POS	geoffrey rush is wonderful as harry , fawning over his customers by day and savoring his rich family life in the evenings , all while playing secret agent in the off hours with his new benefactor .
POS	dug out from b-movie hell , caruso pulls off a gutsy performance as crowe's right hand gun while providing most of the film's humor .
NEG	despite its considerable production value and the absence of any boom mics slipping into frame , it is just as awful as any no budget entry in the slasher sweepstakes .
POS	unfortunately , the film attempts to be way too much in such a short span of time , becoming a tug of war for control between genres .
NEG	escaping to the u . s . han sets out to find the person responsible for his brother's death .
POS	the audience gets the feeling that it is watching the actual show , and we are drawn to truman's mundane existence for no other reason than it is there .
NEG	>from the 'geniuses' that brought us " independece day " , arguably the worst sci-fi movie of all time , to ruin whatever reputation godzilla had .
POS	so , if you are going to see this movie for a strong hard core medieval epic , you are going to the wrong movie .
POS	when you get right down to it , " the iron giant " is no more than the story of a boy and his robot .
POS	the biggest failing of fallen is that , although it's consistently interesting , it's not always as edgy and suspenseful as one might hope .
NEG	yipes . . . another
NEG	meanwhile , cab's personal vendetta against elwood leads him on an impassioned manhunt for his next-to-next-of-kin .
NEG	slash .
POS	the premise is hardly believable and its portrait of prostitutes hanging out on the streets of hollywood boulevard is just about the most idealized portrayal that there could have possibly been .
POS	liman , who also photographed the film , has a deft touch with the camera , and the film looks good .
POS	copycat " borrows " a lot from silence of the lambs and in most cases , it did work .
NEG	it seemed like everyone was restricted to just the script and not given a fair amount of improvisational rights .
POS	when the racy snapshots start circulating around the factory , not only does pignon get his job back but he suddenly finds himself the focus of attention as an openly gay man .
POS	enemy of the state also features an unprecedented use of amazing cinematography -- director of photography daniel mindel throws a staggering amount of different views , angles , lenses , and film stocks at the audience that goes a long way toward involving the audience in the movie .
NEG	you don't want to stick around as the scene progresses and he uses an ice cream scoop on her genital region .
NEG	the tag-line after a major set-piece battle is a faux pas that makes no sense in context .
POS	but viewers had to suffer through numerous dull stretches punctuated by social and political messages delivered with the grace of a wrecking ball .
NEG	one day the founder of argo city , zaltar ( peter o' toole ) , gives the omegahedron to superman's cousin , kara ( helen slater ) , for use as inspiration in her art .
POS	on the whole , how to make an american quilt is a nicely-understated drama that has a lot to say about love , passion , and monogamy in relationships .
NEG	all in all , this movie delivers very little in actual substance , offers two-bit dialogue masked in a lot of sci-fi mumbo-jumbo , pretends to be deep when really it's just sappy , and eventually just settles into an ending which , other than presenting us with a pathetic computer graphic as a part of the story , gives us little more to think about than how we might be able to get our money back for sitting through this rehashed dreck .
POS	his path leads to a young , pretty paramedic named gloria sullivan ( kim dickens ) .
POS	and if you really want to see something , you've got to hear his version of jefferson airplane's " somebody to love " , sung at the aformentioned karaoke jam .
NEG	syd , who lives in the apartment below them , joins in on the fun and becomes a member of the zombie club .
POS	his earthly problems are solved .
NEG	the last quarter of the perfect storm is utterly perfect in every aspect , but just try lasting the first three-quarters .
NEG	of course , i don't remember contact having such obvious and painfully distracting computer generated effects at its end of story .
POS	the key to a movie like this is in finding the right balance between humor and drama , because a premise like this has its obvious implications in both directions .
NEG	i'd have these producers ( and everyone else involved in the production of these films ) put in front of a war crimes tribunal and forced to beg for mercy for their crimes against humanity .
NEG	as the movie opens , therapist catharine deane ( jennifer lopez ) treats a catatonic boy ( colton james ) by entering his mind through some sort of virtual reality technique that's never fully explained .
POS	the original elements are not in the best condition--non-studio silents were unlucky in their preservation-- so we're still dealing with a slightly washed out , scratched , jittering image .
POS	rosemary and herman begin dating-and the fun begins ; herman and max go at it head to head in a battle for miss cross .
POS	she threatens not to serve him if he doesn't shut up about her asthmatic son . he does shut up .
NEG	i should have just gazed at the sets , and the eerie fog , rather than actually pay attention to what was going on .
NEG	little known facts about this film and its stars : during auditions for that thing you do ! , tom everett scott's first feature film role , director tom hanks was opposed to hiring tom because of the fact that scott could've passed for hanks 15 years ago .
NEG	things work out in a ridiculous way , where there is a total breakdown in the character development of grace , where this matronly figure suddenly becomes merely a cartoon figure instead of live flesh and blood .
NEG	wow , they got idea credit !
POS	both films consist of a predominately male cast .
NEG	useless , gratuitous erotica also doesn't help either , obviously making this film longer than it should be .
NEG	ten months later , in a seedy bar to score synthetic heroin , the doctor gets a chance to ply his trade when assassins gun down a customer .
POS	event horizon is not your run-of-the-mill sci-fi film , i'm sure many who have watched this will agree with me .
POS	on yet another hand , i also found it difficult to completely sympathize with francie during his more emotional scenes because some of his , for lack of a better word , " bad " deeds are so incredibly shocking in their brutality and the malicious glee in which he performs them .
NEG	indeed , the title of this movie probably refers to what the producers hope viewers will do in lieu of telling their friends what they really think of this sorry piece of celluloid .
NEG	shortly after julia complains about the chirping of a pet bird , it is found on the floor of its cage with a broken neck .
NEG	they appear to be nothing more than words on a screenplay .
NEG	also , the film might educate viewers about hassidic culture .
POS	brean and his advisors never seem concerned that what they are doing is unethical ; rather , they worry about how convincing it will be and whether or not they have enough money to pull it off .
NEG	neither of which are particularly exciting .
POS	he demonstrates a quiet strength and thoughtful curiosity that is both warm and appealing .
NEG	movie , where s . f . e .
NEG	the grinding squeals of the rusty plot machine are almost overbearing at this point .
POS	but maggie is written smarter than that .
POS	for newly-freed slaves , it is a time of confusion and turmoil .
NEG	but it's not very good either .
POS	michael is quickly growing tired of the horror that surrounds him and the world's lack of interest .
POS	it's the only show that's worth an hour of my time each week ( though , since i don't watch reruns , i'm glad that i have six months of the year to avoid television altogether ) .
NEG	the dialog is . . . let's face it , it's pretty bad .
NEG	" shattered image " isn't complex , it's just stupid .
NEG	so why such a seemingly high rating ?
NEG	badly conceived and poorly executed , tarzan and the lost city appears headed for a quick trip to video store shelves .
POS	the special effects team deserves praise for a fantastic job of making the impossible look possible .
POS	although , at a few points i thought i was watching a music video as opposed to a movie .
NEG	too much , right ?
POS	robert benton has assembled a stellar , mature cast for his latest feature , twilight , a film noir mystery set amid the fading stars of hollywood .
NEG	tectonic plates has a storyline , although the narrative is developed in a decidedly non-traditional fashion , with shots of the stagebound play intercut with more typical cinematic sequences .
NEG	the actor who is revealed at the end to be the villain comes off as ridiculously cartoonish .
NEG	only when the storm takes center stage does the movie jump out of its sleepwalk .
POS	his mother was bitten by a vampire when she was pregnant with him and as a result he has many of the classic traits of a vampire .
POS	roberts and grant , especially , are appealing , but their relationship is convolutedly interrupted too many times ( four weddings' suffered similar flaws ) , and william and anna ultimately only have one thing in common : they're lonely .
POS	everyone else around him has similar symptoms .
POS	a normal porn lasts from an hour to an hour and a half .
NEG	you'll probably like it , but not nearly as much as you liked the first one .
NEG	with anne out of town , he must find a willing bride to share his riches with . . .
POS	if you're looking for family-style entertainment , look no further than this charming boy-and-dog yarn .
POS	sure , a ruthless criminal like him is far too honest to make it in hollywood , but i guess that's beside the point .
POS	the costumes by alexandra byrne deserve a mention as they are such an inportant aspect of each shot .
POS	his life seems so perfect , however , because it's controlled by christoff ( harris ) creator of the truman show , the program burbank is unwittingly the hero of .
NEG	if you want to see some brilliant acting , check out his work as a dogged police inspector opposite frances mcdormand in ken loach's hidden agenda .
NEG	this movie leave no scummy stone unturned . )
POS	the greatest strength of the film lies not in the script , but in the performances .
NEG	most of the blame must be placed with the director tom shadyac and screenwriter steve oedekerk .
NEG	how right she was .
NEG	a movie laced with a good blend of action , comedy , and a heavy dose of musical celebrity guest appearances sounds pretty gourmet , but even the best ingredients can be thrown together in the wrong way , creating a dismal and unsatisfactory product .
NEG	after sayles gave us this complex and unconventional look at ethnic tensions on the us-mexico border , expectation ran high for his next film .
NEG	heck , i can do it in one sentence : giant lizard attacks a giant city and a bunch of nobodies stop it .
NEG	having jolie's real life father jon voight play the dead dad makes it even creepier .
NEG	even the credit sequence seemed to be out of a steve martin , or chevy chase , eighties comedy .
POS	no , i don ? ? ? t have the ghostface costume or the director ? ? ? s cut laserdisc , but i often find myself compelled to pop in the dvd of either member of the preceding duo , and can get quite caught up in the dramatic element of these films ( yes , i said " dramatic element " ) , sometimes debating with family and friends the possibilities and endless theories that have become quintessentially affiliated with " scream " .
POS	and to top everything off , all the performances rise to the occasion .
POS	" the big lebowski " plays like an amalgam of all the coen brothers' earlier efforts .
POS	she knows what to answer when he asks her horror film questions , she just can't answer his final question , " what door am i at ? "
POS	and scream's rookie scribe , kevin williamson , burst onto the film scene in stunning fashion .
POS	just thought that was an interesting little side note . . .
NEG	and richard t . jones' character ( cooper ) is hilarious and extremely likable ( more so than most characters i've seen in recent movies ) for the little screen time that he has .
NEG	chapter headings that divide the movie have no function .
NEG	( you can add lemmon's " my fellow americans , " i . e .
NEG	add to this wildly convoluted story subplots involving the dead rising and an exorcism , not to mention a spattering of " light-hearted whimsy , " and you have a pretty good idea how messy " practical magic " is .
NEG	this film insults your intelligence more times than i care to remember .
NEG	hence , jason's mischievous master-mind plan , to ` conquer the world " is just commencing its initial stages , when al makes a pact with satan himself , agreeing to command the devil's army to take over the world and he gets to see his family again .
NEG	the one genuine asset in " holy man " is eddie murphy , who gives a charming performance , sharing love , good will and relevant advice to all those around him , while beaming his million dollar smile at just the right moments .
NEG	well , danger potential movie goers !
NEG	after all , i've never been to war , i've never been the victim of any violent crime , i've never really been broken hearted , and i've never been audited ; so i really had no frame of reference as to people meant when they said that something was " hell on earth "
POS	hadden ) , who are both actors of exceptional caliber , the supporting cast are not especially impressive .
NEG	the script by carpenter and larry sulkis appears to have been lifted directly from last year's " pitch black , " involving a violent prisoner who must be released from bondage so that he can help a small band of humans protect themselves from blood-thirsty , marauding aliens .
POS	from the moment mermaid ariel lays her eyes on prince eric , she's resolutely smitten , and she's such a pure and endearing character that one can't help but invest their heart with her .
POS	ulee is a man who lost his pals in war- he was the only man in his platoon to survive .
NEG	in fact , some of the bits are so laughably ludicrous that you may think you've stumbled into the sequel to mystery science theater 3000 : the movie .
POS	plays the role of a singles' mixer , with everyone vaguely embarrassed to be there yet taking the opportunity to try on new personalities .
NEG	chad'z movie page is back after heavy renovation .
NEG	in all seriousness however , and to be fair to the movie , it * is * necessary to provide two viewpoints : that of a movie watcher unfamiliar ( or only marginally familiar ) with the whole mortal kombat phenomenon , and that of a fan of the first movie and/or a fan of the games .
POS	her days at the hospital facility are spent leading wheelchair calisthenics .
POS	that done , the _real_ challenge presents itself--what do with her .
POS	the rocky formula of " rocky loses fight/rocky trains/rocky wins fight " is carried out to the letter .
POS	herlihy and director frank coraci have done a great job of recreating the sights , sounds , and affectations of the 1980s .
POS	event horizon is a sci-fi horror film , much truer to the word than say , alien would ever be .
NEG	their antics brought the house down , which , to my surprise , was packed by an audience younger than the film .
POS	the point is that the characters lost their humanity and became one-dimensional characters .
POS	reynolds has the senator offed , but not before the murder is caught on a naturalist's camera .
POS	huh ?
POS	the political story is nothing really special but works in itself .
POS	if " fargo " was the coen brothers' most restrained effort in years , " the big lebowski " marks their return to over-the-edge filmmaking .
NEG	it's understandable to see willis and aiello in a movie of this caliber , but as for the presence of future academy award winner james coburn i'm not entirely sure .
POS	frank's guitar solos outdo any van halen or hendrix i've ever heard .
POS	three lengthy court cases are portrayed with spielberg's trademark panache - - flashy beginning , lots of facial close-ups , big music , and dramatic imagery .
POS	as in a wagnerian opera there is a substantial story line , which takes place at an ordinary human level , yet the entire project is to be accepted as a work of art rooted in fantasy .
NEG	ginty , on the other hand , tries to bring some life in the movie by using many flashbacks and strange angles of shooting , but in the end it gets only irritating to the already bored and dissatisfied viewer .
NEG	it is also failed to get the women's side to this story of abuse , primarily taking the pimp at his word .
NEG	the guards on the train see this kid running at them , lift their machine guns , shout " halt ! "
NEG	cage appears to realize that con air is going to be utterly dim-witted and ridiculous , and that he's going to have to do something to keep himself entertained .
POS	i liked it in spite of the soundtrack .
NEG	this is a laughable 1977 rip off of king kong ( 1976 ) , itself a rip-off .
NEG	the men and women populating the picture are there to look nice , but nothing more .
POS	the film uses this setting to make its central point : is progress moving too fast for humans to keep up ?
POS	these moments are almost always thanks to kilmer's extraneous , very convincing disguises and personalities .
POS	not much better is qui-gon jinn ( liam neeson ) who mostly broods , and has a better hair do than obi-wan , but only to find the young anakin skywalker and make the biggest mistake of his life .
NEG	the blame lies with director joel schumacher .
POS	as legend has it , actor harrison ford was suffering diarrhea at the time , and asked if the scene could be shortened .
POS	this is more of a biased viewpoint as opposed to a first impression viewpoint .
NEG	although the film begins promisingly , resembling a woody allen take on new york city wasps , too many strands drift off into nowhere .
NEG	i couldn't take it anymore .
POS	guido , lying that he understands german and can translate for his fellow prisoners , instead lays down the rules for his son to allow him a chance to survive .
NEG	some of the low points are when 'the thief' steals a woman's purse , and then she faints , sandra bernhard as a dancer and tippi hendren as a deaf woman whom 'the thief' kills to the music of 'psycho' .
NEG	not that anastasia is much concerned with what really happened .
NEG	travolta plays a lawyer well enough , but that's about all he does .
NEG	the film takes place aboard the medical space vessel " nightingale . "
NEG	the 2001 movie year has yet to provide us with a " good " film to sink our teeth into .
POS	like all good films , it offers a myriad of parallels to the outside world .
NEG	but the thing is , it doesn't seem like he realizes that .
NEG	speaking of which , it contains * very * annoying music .
POS	" living out loud , " which was written by richard lagravenese ( " the bridges of madison county " ) , who is also making his directing debut here , is a wonderful film from beginning to end , one that is honest , genuinely funny , and poignant .
NEG	ho , ho , ho , she's so awfully clumsy !
POS	which left me wondering one thing , why didn't trainspotting get a best picture nomination last year ?
NEG	working in the motion picture industry must be a constant source of frustration for a front-line african american actress like jada pinkett smith .
POS	unsurprisingly , he is not thrilled with the way " his " boy has turned out .
POS	got in trouble for the usage of some of the footage seen in the movie , vis a vis clinton .
POS	the plot is complicated , but it goes something like this .
POS	mother and daughter , played in a brilliant performance by parker posey , are both varying degrees of wacko .
NEG	they attack starships by spinning around and firing deadly plasma blasts from their rears .
POS	more money has been spent and more people have worked on a project that was doomed to fail .
POS	with few people she can trust , elizabeth must prove her self-worth any way she can , even if it means being the iron-fisted ruler she secretly despises .
NEG	non-fans should know to stay well away from this one .
NEG	the natives look upon the english with just as much fear and distrust .
NEG	so i saw " supernova . "
NEG	there is a scene early in jakob the liar that hints at how much better it could have been .
NEG	projections of the subconscience ?
NEG	why not have the bad guys be symbolic of the nazis instead of using old propaganda in a seriously disjointed attempt to show us something we already know ?
NEG	if you have a choice , pick this movie over the haunting , it's the better of two evils , you could say .
POS	why then , you must be asking , do i recommend elizabeth ?
NEG	all of this , of course , leads up to a scene of complete inevitability : claire and noel , in a scene that should have come an hour earlier , because then the movie ends without even the benefit of reflection about what's just happened .
POS	nevertheless , some viewers will be put off by this treatment .
POS	while flat may sound like a poor job on niccol's part , it actually enhances the meaning behind the story .
NEG	roger christian , the director of this lumbering beast , must have rented dune , blade runner , planet of the apes , independence day , stargate , beastmaster , the airwolf episodes , the `v' miniseries , the matrix , and the omega man . . .
NEG	i believe i counted three .
POS	this epic sci-fi film is more sheer spectacle than anything else .
POS	the audience didn't just laugh ; they went wild with boisterous laughter and heavy applause throughout .
POS	all the films released after it , have been less successful .
POS	sarah finds henry to be a bore , because well , he's just a normal guy .
POS	? he wants to sabotage the girls' concert so he can sell papers .
NEG	the direction by henry selick is good , but at times he doesn't know what kind of film he wants to make , and the ending climax falls off the cliff .
NEG	hence the title , in case some of you ( all two of you ) didn't figure it out yet .
NEG	a line of students is outside at night , peering through telescopes at the dark sky above .
NEG	every time something clever happens it's counterbalanced by something so overtly wrong that it jerks you back into realizing you're watching a movie .
POS	it's pretty obvious the film's makers drove the truck for several miles to give the appearance that mulder had been driving for a long time , but in the end it looks like mulder just dropped from the sky and started driving .
NEG	i heard that initial casting included george clooney in the lead role , and frankly , that sounds a lot more plausible .
NEG	and her ability to whine and irritate us , even while nude , was appropriate in her role as selfish temptress nomi malone .
NEG	the script by bruce joel rubin and michael tolkin is horribly simple , and never really makes any interesting statements .
NEG	once again , i have no idea who he was supposed to be .
NEG	instead of editing this scene , more editing should have been done in areas such as the unnecessary romance between mr . furious ( ben stiller ) and monica , a waitress ( claire forlani ) or the vast majority of the film , which is the heroes talking at a coffee table about how their day was .
NEG	this plot thread predictably leads to violence .
POS	he hasn't slept in days , nor has he eaten , and , almost instantaneously , he goes insane .
NEG	officer ballard went in to bring back incarcerated felon james " desolation " williams ; what she found was not a pretty picture .
POS	will tom and karen survive the natural and manmade disasters ?
POS	mel , played by mark wahlberg in a dopey , milquetoast role , is a killing machine ; he flips , spins , even breakdances whilst popping caps .
NEG	and personality , we learn from this mess , goes a very long way .
POS	he's the safecracker who's blissful unaware that the bank job is a botch job from the word go .
NEG	now with the help of christina ricci and an orphaned boy , they must stop the headless horseman from a killing spree , that could destroy the whole town of sleepy hollow .
NEG	look , that woman was so shocked by hearing loud kiss music that she spilled her drink .
NEG	and the plot ?
NEG	go rent roger corman's 1979 classic " rock n' roll high school . "
POS	tretiak hires him to steal the equations , small pieces of paper , from shue .
NEG	" perhaps , just perhaps , the bottom-of-the-barrel film fluff advertised before it is greatly misleading .
NEG	the 1968 script had little subtlety , with lines like " i never met an ape i didn't like , " but at least we cared for what happened to taylor , the main character .
POS	clever , indeed .
NEG	but even when first-time director jeb stuart ( who wrote " the fugitive " and " die hard " ) doesn't know what to do , he knows what he wants it to look like -- the movie provides some great visuals .
POS	a mysterious bad-ass known as clubber lang ( mr . t ) trash-talks to rocky about his stupid decision to retire from boxing and that he " pities the fool " for not coming out and fighting him outright .
NEG	by a strange set of events , koufax ends up with julian ( played by twins cole and dylan sprouse ) a five year old kid .
NEG	critique : this film is slow , drawn-out , boring , uninteresting , unexciting , predictable and topped with a couple of one-dimensional " evil " characters .
NEG	sure , the story is basically just an amalgamation of ransom , primal fear and nick of time pureed into one , but the whole " psychiatrist working against the clock " thing , actually had me engaged at first .
POS	while ravel may not be quite as accomplished as schubert or mozart , ravel has his day in this film .
NEG	some hero .
NEG	after several attempts at escape , johnnie is placed in the middle of an underhanded subplot of terel's , involving circumventing gold from an exposed vein in the rockies to his own end .
POS	in fact , the first time the critter in this movie makes an apperance it is totally out of the blue .
NEG	uhhhm , you guessed it . . . not
NEG	the movie offers only two explanations , neither of which make a lick of sense .
NEG	naturally , this is the setup for the other event horizon . . .
POS	but the audience i attended this movie with just had some good chuckles at clinton's walk-ons .
POS	it follows through unrelentingly on the implications of its premise : bubby is used by his mother for sex , he unwittingly suffocates the pet cat with cellophane , he is terrifed by the notion that jesus will beat him senseless if he sins .
NEG	william forsythe , for example , is painfully bad as arthur kressler , a wholesome by-the-book fbi agent who's offended by beck's foul language and unorthodox methods .
POS	" you mean , " one lady asks , " the democratic party doesn't care about the african american community ? " ?
NEG	the result is that the entire production feels contrived .
POS	for example , several characters seem quite clearly dead and inexplicably turn up alive later - there has been a running gag in both movies about the villain being able to pull off this particular trick , but it also happens with other characters and in an even less believable fashion .
NEG	jimmie's grandfather ( peter ustinov ) dies suddenly , leaving a video will behind for his grandson ( who also happens to be his only living relative ) .
POS	effects whiz sergio stivaletti serves his director well here , and the cinematography by giuseppe rotunno is consistently excellent .
NEG	don't waste your money .
NEG	there are certainly a few worthwhile aspects of `the bachelor' .
POS	that is much of this film's beauty , it doesn't have the typical good guys that hollywood likes , instead it is a realistic portrayal of the real world , specializing in revealing the type of sexual perversions that people usually keep to themselves .
POS	the fencing team and writing and producing school plays ) and often pulling outrageous stunts , one that eventually earns him an expulsion .
POS	the long kiss goodnight ( r ) meryl streep tried it and failed .
POS	aliens is completely realistic , even a decade after its initial release .
POS	but enough carping .
POS	thora birch is a young actress to watch .
NEG	one moment has an astronaut flying off into space .
POS	part of it is the original idea : who in the world came up with the idea to make a prisoners-of-war movie starring chickens ?
NEG	the only thing it lacks - as with most hollywood productions -- is a good script and proper casting .
POS	you see . . . dreams
NEG	loud and obnoxious hard rock fused with drum loops dominate some scenes .
POS	? add in wall-to-wall spice girls music and this film is lovable romp .
NEG	the cgi takes away much of the human element , however .
POS	she is extremely depressed about her recent divorce to her husband ( martin donovan ) , who had been cheating on her .
POS	the disc contains two versions of the film's audio : a stereo 2 . 0 track and a newly remastered dolby digital 5 . 1 .
NEG	he'll live to fight another day !
NEG	but it's too easy for sebastian valmont -- he wants to nail annette hargrove ( reese witherspoon ) , the " paradigm of chastity and beauty . "
POS	and it all hinges on carrey , who has to balance comic naivet with a real sense of longing and drive to find out what the hell is going on .
NEG	in the end this film defines itself when our cop's tribunal pronounces , " is that all you have to tell us ? "
POS	eventually , some semblance of a plot begins to unfold as it appears that john is a serial killer wanted by the police .
POS	joe is an illegitimate child ( referred to both comically and dramatically throughout the film as a bastard ) , who's mom ( ashley judd ) won't tell him who his father is .
POS	the sleeper success of scream sent shockwaves through the industry -- suddenly , everybody was looking for hip , inexpensive fright films that might be able to reap similar fortunes .
POS	another joy of the film is that it does not somehow form a contrived , " happy " ending , but , in staying with its realistic tone , manages to be upbeat , but truthful .
POS	rudy is new to being a lawyer and is thoroughly outgunned , but luckily he is aided by a sleazy ambulance chaser ( danny devito ) who has failed the bar exam six times as well as by the kindly presiding judge ( danny glover ) .
NEG	he seems like he wants to understand the film , but he's as lost as we are .
NEG	being probably the best technical achievement since " jurassic park " , they are absolutely amazing .
POS	five u . s . bombers carrying nuclear warheads are ordered to set a routine course for moscow after an unidentified aircraft is spotted heading toward america .
POS	chris elliot+s role , skin blemishes and all , becomes merely tasteless and boring .
NEG	in the end , if the strike does not cease , boggs will have to close down his factory , but the support of a group of women led by coote's wife-to-be and spanner's mother , agatha spanner ( renee houston ) , try to resolve the situation .
POS	judith ( holly hunter ) , a fortysomething living in new york city , has been having a difficult time with life lately .
POS	( perhaps it's meant to gloss over the imperfections of the computer-generated shots . )
POS	myers is delightful in more of a straight man role , and lithgow also gets some great moments ( watch for a hilarious repartee with the gingerbread man ) .
NEG	rely more on actual comedy rather than strange voices and rude noises to make people laugh .
POS	the only presence that demands real attention when placed next to martin or murphy is the beautiful heather graham , as the young film star who has plans to sleep her way to the top .
POS	its similarity to the other films helps to keep the spirit of the series familiar , but at the same time seems to be a flaw in the filmmaking process itself since it sometimes rings of unoriginality .
POS	i thought that was neat .
POS	the paradox of oriental restraint existing side by side with all consuming passion in the same breast is projected effectively .
POS	and this one is no exception .
NEG	the odd couple ii
POS	more and more , filmmakers seem to be putting out well rehearsed , melodramatic films that evoke strong connotations of being a great film , but if you step aside and reflect on your movie going experience , you may just discover nothing more than elegantly presented fluff .
NEG	surely reading the one for my giant would have shown that there was nothing there .
NEG	to be honest , i would be fairly hard-pressed to state an aspect of the film that i actually liked .
NEG	any appeal the movie has will come from the " in " jokes , most of which i think i understood , but the movie is " in " to the point of absurdity .
NEG	unfortunately , it's also shapeless , pointless and largely unfunny .
NEG	the environments , be it city or country , are impeccably captured in crisp detail , but the script never complements them .
NEG	i think i shall do the same thing here but with a few less quotes ( not all are applicable ) .
NEG	the swirling sick feeling hit me just a few minutes into " heartbreakers . "
NEG	fire down below centers its story on a little mining town in god's country , somewhere in eastern kentucky .
NEG	branagh was also fun as the scenery-munching , over-the-top bad guy , but that's pretty much where the entertainment-buck stopped .
NEG	it's not better or worse than verhoven's average film .
NEG	damian delgado makes a late appearance as an army deserter .
POS	a shame , because it doesn't have to be that way .
POS	i can't say how faithful of an adaptation it is , or if it lives up to leonard's vision .
POS	but in the end , nobody goes to see this kind of movie for oscar performances .
NEG	an untidy appearance isn't enough to convince the viewer of his psychopath potential .
POS	the script was developed partly through improvisations , and the fusion of cast , script and director shows best in the party scene - seemingly everyone is talking at the same time , and yet many subtle observations are being made throughout .
POS	somebody clue me in ? when did genital mutilation become funny ?
NEG	i mean , come on .
NEG	this line has got to be a contender for the bad line hall of infamy .
POS	what can one expect out of life ?
NEG	it's got all the elements of the direct-to-video releases featured on hbo's bastard cousin , the cable channel i'd never watch if it didn't somehow come free .
POS	as is true in real life , younger minds are becoming richer and richer from their knowledge of more standard technology .
NEG	a very dissapointing sequel , indeed .
NEG	they are the two best things in the movie ; in every scene they have authority and presence , and they actually look like they belong here , even when dressed in full samurai armor and wielding bows .
NEG	along the way to no discernable destination , they run into all sorts of kooky and wacky characters .
NEG	there are a few promising ideas that pop up now and again , but anything remotely interesting is squandered by the inane script .
NEG	i asked myself , what butterfly ? !
NEG	the camera work is terrible-occasionally the camera lingers on , say , a closed door while the characters talk off-screen , or inexplicably zooms in on someone's ear or nose .
NEG	here's a hint : it involves lots of water , electrical equipment , a special effect from " the abyss " and the tots who doubled up as adam sandler's co-star in " big daddy . "
NEG	sayles certainly could have used 126 minute of screen time to tell us something more profound than that nasty things are happening down there and most of the worst happens to the unarmed civilians .
NEG	on a parallel track , government scientists have cloned a version of sil from the first film ( now called eve , again " played " by natasha henstridge ) and are keeping her around for some testing .
NEG	the sole function of penelope ann miller's character is to give dead-bang an excuse to include a gratuitous love scene between characters about whom you could not care less .
NEG	and how , exactly does cage end up wearing the exact same shirt and tie as sinise does ?
NEG	not surprisingly , the nighttime forest frenzy does not go unnoticed and when two girls fail to wake the following morning , witches are invoked by those eager to blame .
POS	he has a lovely scene in a diner in which he tries to explain the situation to julia while frank's world series predictions come true before his very eyes .
POS	heist is probably the best mamet thriller since house of games .
NEG	i find it quite entertaining , despite its complete lack of redeeming value .
POS	the naked actress shot has become as ubiquitous to the altman film as the director cameo was to the hitchcock film .
POS	and don't leave when the closing credits hit the screen , or you'll miss the film's best part -- four bonus flashbacks that smooth over plot holes while offering a few more tiny turns , plus a final scene that caps everything off with a great stunner of a bombshell .
NEG	screenwriters david weisberg and douglas cook previously collaborated on " the rock , " a script which probably benefited from the numerous uncredited rewrites .
NEG	stalked receives two stars because , even though it is highly derivative and somewhat boring , it is not so bad that it cannot be watched .
NEG	then again , " maximum overdrive " had an awesome soundtrack ( me being the big ac/dc fan that i am ) , but is probably one of the worst movies of all time .
NEG	3 .
NEG	" trumpet of the swan " features flat background art , some poor sound syncing and insipid , sugary songs .
POS	also demonstrates a kind of charming restraint you don't often find in american films .
POS	he's definitely a driving force in homer's life , and his more humane moments give the piece a certain dynamic that is commendable .
POS	i liked this movie . . . but
NEG	and the so-called " roller-coaster ride " ensues .
NEG	successful disaster movies have the main disaster toward the beginning and more little disasters that follow , but deep impact saves its one disaster for the end and discloses all in its 30-second tv spots .
NEG	it puts ominous chords under some scenes and using voice in ways that become a distraction that gets in the way of the storytelling .
NEG	discovering that the tooth belongs to a crocodile ( which shouldn't even be in this hemisphere ) , kelly goes croc-hunting with game warden jack wells ( bill pullman ) and sheriff hank keough ( brendan gleeson ) .
NEG	weslely and woody would do well to leave this off their resumes .
POS	in magnolia , paul thomas anderson tells several stories each just tangentially connected to the others .
NEG	it's based on a great book , ``the haunting of hill house , '' by shirley jackson .
POS	he also invented the cornflake .
NEG	at this point , the film sounds more like senseful than senseless , but through some turns of the plot , darryl finds himself only able to use four of his five senses at once , essentially leaving him--yes--senseless .
POS	it is only a matter of time before ted finds out that he had been double-crossed , and goes to get her for himself .
POS	the most side-splitting situations involve vera and merrill's encounter with the squirrel lady , a nice nutsy cameo by kathy bates ; owen's commandeering a charter bus full of lucille ball look-alikes on their way to a lucy convention ; the cody brothers misadventures with a hot-air balloon , a flying cow and a monster truck ; and the pear family's stopover at a barbie museum , which turns out not to be what they think it is .
POS	christopher eccleston ( slightly resembling richard edson with his new look and dumb expression ) plays jude wonderfully , sometimes bringing a big dumb smile to his face , and making him kind of child-like at other times .
POS	the wedding singer works .
NEG	so last week i opened up the new york times - and , no surprise , boys and girls got a negative review .
NEG	dustin hoffman isn't lively or particularly good -- it's ironic that this , which may be his worst work in a decade , has arrived in theaters on the heels of his best actor nomination ( for wag the dog ) .
POS	the two meet under interesting circumstances , and the love story begins .
POS	procreating is now done in a petri dish , and genetic engineering is the normal way of doing it .
NEG	but that was 1962 and 1964 respectively .
POS	needless to say , i haven't read the elmore leonard novel out of sight , on which steven soderbergh's new film is based .
NEG	written by someone named jeb , i could already envision the stereotypes of incestuous relationships , banjo-picking preachers , and dumb-as-nails rednecks .
POS	there's something almost majestic about the process : as nixon goes down in this film , there is no gloating , but a watery sigh , as of a great ship sinking .
POS	suddenly , girls are lining up to go out with him .
NEG	the storyline is non-existent .
NEG	one problem is that , in reality , most eastern films have taken their lead from western ones .
NEG	now rudy must pretend to be nick so he can protect ashley from her brother gabriel .
POS	australian director baz luhrmann , the man behind " strictly ballroom " and " romeo + juliet , " fills the heads of viewers with unique camerawork , opulent imagery and songs ranging from " the sound of music " to " smells like teen spirit . "
POS	like a teeter-totter , " moulin rogue " moves up and down between the ridiculous and the sublime .
POS	with storytelling this compelling , who needs books ?
POS	because these characters are given such horrible circumstances , and since the two leads have such great chemistry together , we really feel for their plight .
NEG	there are some intentionally funny moments .
NEG	it's the wild west re-visited as a date movie .
POS	would you want to stop at a station run by brad dourif ?
NEG	he has to contend with , among other things , a red-hot science teacher ( amber valletta , family man ) , a pair of polar-opposite bullies ( noel fisher and orlando brown ) , and an illiterate principal ( larry miller , the princess diaries ) who's secretly diverting the school's last dime into the football program .
POS	also in the same script , indy and marion flee the chaos caused by the opening of the ark in a wild mine-cart chase sequence .
NEG	the same characteristics that make an actor seem gentle in most of his roles can work in his favor when a role calls for him to be fierce and vicious .
NEG	he becomes involved with simon when he is called to check out a murder scene at simon's house , where his father has apparently shot his mother in the back and then committed suicide .
POS	however , there are brief moments of profoundness shared between characters , such as those that pass between our outlaw hero and his good-hearted but misguided enemy , chief fox .
NEG	the first movie was a mindlessly fun thrillride .
POS	although zero effect is a bit awkward in places , it is a strong debut for kasdan , and shows great promise .
POS	despite the odds , they have succeeded , even if the entertaining new installment does not measure up to the excellent first two .
POS	it is the gifted pupil who , under the influence of the evil master steals the holy grail in the form of a magic sword which is the focus of the conflict at the heart of the legend .
POS	but the director realized that , no matter how pedestrian the prose , this book really grabbed people - that the author , while not a great writer , was a fantastic storyteller .
POS	in " gattaca " 's series of final shots , the fates of vincent and jerome are superimposed over each other , and the effect is sad , lyrical and beautiful .
POS	while raunchy , it wasn+t nearly as bad as _porky+s_ or _boogie nights_ .
NEG	overall , a very talented cast virtually wasted .
POS	this was the research island where the dinosaurs were created for the now defunct jurassic park .
NEG	when they find him , they discover in horror that jimmy king's real life is nothing like it is on wcw tv .
POS	as robert puts it : " there are two options : go to the police and go to prison , or bury her out in the desert where no one will ever find her . "
POS	look back on past disney animated features and you'll see the trend .
NEG	but night of the creeps might make a nice addition to a b-movie horror marathon .
POS	but there are true moments of riveting suspense , and great performances by branagh , davidzt and downey jr - more than enough to see you through .
POS	oscar winner martin childs' ( shakespeare in love ) production design turns the original prague surroundings into one creepy place .
NEG	simple as that .
NEG	it's not that there isn't anything positive to say about the film .
NEG	so run , that ye may obtain . "
NEG	anne archer plays his " boss " type person of the u . n . and she has hired snipes to track down the killer .
POS	soon after , jessica has disappeared , leaving everyone in a frenzy over what could have possibly happened to her , and annie starts to have nightmares and apparitions linking jessica with the vicious redneck donnie barksdale , and the pond behind his home .
NEG	watching glen or glenda ?
NEG	in 1986 i remember watching a movie called " wisdom " with emilio estevez and demi moore , and the ending of that film did the worst possible thing that a movie could do .
POS	more specifically , jackie chan plays the part of wong fei-hong , aka " naughty panther , " a fun-loving , practical-joking kung fu student who is too good at kung fu for his own good , but not _quite_ good enough .
NEG	however , as the film so kindly pointed out , entertainment may be fun , but it isn't necessarily quality .
POS	this fine dvd is certainly a great way to see it .
NEG	he plays the hick moxxon adequately , though some of his emotional dialogue will make people chuckle .
NEG	perhaps , although i can see a shell of a story here that could have been a good superhero movie had it been handled right .
POS	( a heist comedy ?
NEG	however , he never quite died and returned to hunt down julie and her friends .
NEG	actually , i think that most of the audience was even more confused than i was .
POS	in brief scenes of vicious violence , people get shot through the head , in the back , face , chest and various other areas of the anatomy .
POS	newcomer ian mcdiarmid plays the emperor as a suitably creepy , cunning , and evil creature , although he's not as imposing as vader was in star wars .
POS	there is no goddamned blair witch ! " .
POS	it was the light comic touch that burton applied .
NEG	i'm afraid folks that this is about as good as they get .
NEG	one thing that struck me as extremely poor scriptiing was that as the ship crashes through the harbour and town , around 25 people are killed by the ship . . . . and
POS	to those of you wondering if mulder discovers that the truth is indeed out there . . . who
NEG	the movie isn't really offensive -- it has some competent actors , a few nifty sets , and a lot of scenes with a big , digitized gorilla .
POS	holding shot guns and pistols in their hands to stop criminals , this image of vigilantes must have influenced future films .
NEG	things don't get any better for max when he arrives at school .
NEG	surrounded by hype , high hopes , and the promise of an over-the-top performance by clueless's brittany murphy , don't say a word looked full of promise .
NEG	and i refuse to do any sequels to any movie i may make because i believe they only get worse .
POS	with the good script he can make very good movie , with the bad script he can make real mess .
NEG	but it's just too little of what movie-goers and especially fans of the game will expect .
POS	but merge the two and you've got the truman show .
NEG	the film , while far from perfect , was a striking mood piece with an otherworldly feel .
POS	as an audience , we're also given a situation where two wonderfully talented actors are thrown into a movie , and we'd like to see if one will dominate the film .
NEG	at this point , louie's earned enough money so that dad can pay for the trumpet and become musically capable enough to win over serina's father .
POS	he's the kind of guy who slugs back entire fifths of whiskey then proclaim , " i needed that . "
POS	films like this remind me as to what i enjoy about some foreign films .
POS	brosnan , all around good guy , will , of course , save the day .
NEG	there is even a strange homoeroticism between rourke and stallone that lends a bizarre tone to their numerous conversations -- in both fists and words .
POS	steve spielberg goes beyond reality with his latest production .
NEG	ugh , whatever the case , it was just about the time that douglas' character suddenly removed murphy's character from the mental home ( and how come she went with him so nicely ?
NEG	the visual work is spotty but generally nicely done except that so much of the film takes place in the night or in fog .
POS	produced by bruce cohen & dan jinks written by alan ball directed by sam mendes
NEG	the very worst feature of the movie is its repulsive quasi-fascist flavor .
POS	every scene truly revolves around hamlet , as much a tribute to branagh's acting and directing as to shakespeare's manuscript .
POS	while rudy's ( and the film's ) main concern is this case , he also finds time to protect a young wife ( claire danes ) from her abusive husband ( melrose placer andrew shue , in a mercifully brief role ) .
POS	freeing himself from his chains , senge pieh ( djimon hounsou ) , renamed cinque by his masters , leads a bloody revolt .
POS	he has a penchant for picking strange and unusual characters .
NEG	* * a little creaky , but still better than staying at home with gotcha !
NEG	( one scene has a journalist on a battlefield , filimg soldiers being slaughtered , and ends with groaning predictability : said cameraman gets skewered , too . )
NEG	given the nature and level of the material she has to work with here , she gets as close as possible to those adjectives .
NEG	( there's also a skull in the living room , but it's only for decoration . )
POS	so why did i enjoy it so much ?
POS	it concentrates so much in this aspect that the background and the progression of the story stumble a bit .
POS	if , however , you are a lover of the bard , or at the very least are open-minded about a challenging script , read on , for there is something rotten in the state of denmark .
NEG	the actions of the characters go unexplained , even when they're truly bizarre .
POS	even though i try very hard to not predict films as i'm watching them ( especially not romantic comedies ) , the plot of this particular film just advanced before me seconds , and sometimes minutes , before i actually saw it happen on screen .
POS	the only major error in the film is that nothing major happens .
POS	minutes later , an elite team of agents led by delroy lindo ( broken arrow ) are in tom's house and wiring every phone .
NEG	he is having immensely stereotypical problems : the natives are restless , his boss is a jerk , and now two man-eating lions are stalking the work camp and killing people off .
POS	favreau , who also wrote the script , is bobby , vaughn is ricky .
NEG	the film has a number of worthy messages about the state of the modern medical business with hmos and managed care .
POS	.
POS	the surprising thing about " shall we dance " is the universal appeal of the story .
NEG	he twist-ties the lid shut and cranks up the uv rays - you'd think he'd want her gutted now instead of a skin cancer victim later .
NEG	it's as if he feels he's directing a tv movie , a big no-no when you're helming what's supposed to be a big-screen hit .
POS	her fianc ? is a self-confident jerk ( do i see a trend - nope , just a formula ) who doesn't deserve her , but robbie is too depressed to fight for her hand .
POS	her scene during the autopsy of newt is enough to garnish her another academy nomination .
POS	take your whole family to see simon birch , it is a magnificent film- an american masterpiece .
POS	but it is his buddy , the aptly named silent bob , who is responsible for most of the movie's success .
NEG	as for roth , in case you don't know , went from direcing revenge of the nerds ii to launching his own movie studio , revolution , which produced this work .
POS	jake kasdan , son of one of the best screenwriters around , breaks into filmmaking by writing and directing this hard-to-categorize detective story : part mystery , part comedy , part character study and part romance .
NEG	now for the bad news .
NEG	smith seems to be having a better time as west , although he's not nearly as charming as he was in mib .
NEG	i really can't remember the last time a movie sucked on so many levels !
POS	you are convinced that young alice could end up terminated at any time .
NEG	the plot follows two married , mega-movie stars , gwen and eddie ( zeta-jones and poor , poor john cusack , whose material gets worse every year ) , on the eve of their new star vehicle's release , a film called time over time .
POS	it was with great trepidation that i approached +mary+ , the farrelly brothers+ latest film .
POS	not really .
NEG	it took quentin to realize that .
POS	adult-helfgott's return to the light is told in linear fashion .
POS	i was more interested in finding out which of the two men would be victorious in their respective missions .
NEG	coppola is an executive producer for " sleepy hollow , " and the script reflects his interest in early forms of " moving pictures , " particularly in a toy that ichabod carries which blends two pictures to create an optical illusion .
NEG	the intrusive musical score distracts from the flat dialogue at regular intervals , but it's not like you're were going to miss much .
POS	so that saves mighty joe from my wrath , although my colleagues and cohorts and surely bashing this film at this very moment .
NEG	in fact it is an interesting mystery story told on the backdrop of the hollywood film industry .
POS	i know the intent is to flesh the man out , but too short a shrift is given to the family man side of lumumba .
POS	it's a weak and hurried relationship , but director zemeckis needs it to add to the plot later on .
POS	but what makes this film fun to watch is how well-defined the characters are , and the pace of the story ( best of all , it has a happy ending ? though i will * not * give it away ; sorry ) is strong and powerful enough for us to identify with the characters .
POS	what makes this all interesting is that these two young men are not stupid , thoughtless people -- they are intelligent and articulate , and voice their beliefs in disturbingly straightforward terms .
POS	his chemistry with thurman is a bit on the icy side , but needfully so , adding to the setting's clinical chill .
NEG	of all the hard-to-believe aspects of the movie , this is the worst .
NEG	to save the kidnapped girl , peter has to find the cell before the end of the day , and comatose carl's not talking .
NEG	what i like to call " guess what , it was all a dream " scenario .
NEG	to hammer home the point of how anti-semitism hasn't gone away there's a barrage of overdone and uninvolving scenes with a sneering concierge ( bradley ) , who keeps making nasty remarks about jews and tries to make things inconvenient for them by preventing the jewish family from using the elevator .
POS	unfortunately , that is where alien resurrection's clever streak in writing stops .
POS	will has read enough psychology to know the tricks of the trade , and how to keep them from affecting him .
POS	fortunately , the performers who voice the characters in the little mermaid , although perhaps more obscure , are impeccably cast .
NEG	what he does with this film is ( are you sure you want to read this ? )
NEG	that's right .
POS	damon effortlessly blends the carelesness of a gregarious , confused thug with the absorbing ingeniousness of someone like einstein .
POS	one of the greatest action scenes ensues as we get a botched escape attempt by his fellow inmates which leads to a fantastic train wreck .
POS	but he broke it up , and said it so slowly that it wounded up sounding like a song lyric , " i always . . .
POS	sam shepard is great as yeager , war hero whose greatest achievement - breech of the sound barrier - remained obscured in history books , probably due to his own modesty .
POS	he has managed to translate the ancient vampire scrolls that tell of the method of making him an all-powerful vampire -- rendering him virtually unstoppable .
NEG	i suppose the original novel upon which the movie was based did much more with this aspect of simon's character and his relationship with willis , but here it is lost .
POS	score one for the old guard .
POS	while luke is cleaning the droids , the message from princess leia is found .
POS	joker joins up with a platoon , along with his hometown friend cowboy ( arliss howard ) , and follows their everyday actions , interviewing and filmming them along the way .
NEG	the early " spawn " issues brilliantly capture mcfarlane's genius at illustration and show his early attempts at writing .
POS	the only downfall of the opening sequence is the editing style used . . .
NEG	1900 grows up never setting foot on dry land .
NEG	and from carpenter's view , women have really made a mess of things .
POS	what's worse than y2k ?
NEG	following the recent tradition of lengthy films , this weighs in at over two very long hours .
NEG	the result is a wild cornucopia of images that amount to precisely nil -- even the action scenes don't work .
POS	we're not given too many details to clarify the back story of what the federation is and what their purpose is , instead the film opts to get its story moving quickly .
POS	it's these attacks that prompt him to hire a psychiatrist ( billy crystal ) who's mostly reluctant to take the mobster's case for two reasons .
NEG	the stereotypical american male has an undeniable fetishistic love of sports cars .
POS	others need more memorable melodies .
NEG	if you have ever seen fox tv's special car chase programs , you'll have a good idea about the content of ronin , the new action " thriller " from director john frankenheimer .
POS	the momentum is slowed considerably once crane begins piecing the mystery together , because for the audience , it's not an issue we particularly wish to be solved .
POS	still , " shrek " is a rollicking good time .
POS	another minor quibble is that early on the film seems a bit too introverted , like its characters , but as the story progresses it begins to open up .
NEG	as we follow rick trying to learn of more information , we also meet a woman who was talking to kirkland before he was shot ( carla gugino ) , and who flees the scene in a panic , and tries to hide from the cops in the arena and the adjacent casino/hotel since the cops have blocked off the doors so they can get witness' takes on what happened .
NEG	they stand awkwardly mouthing the stiff sentences that pass for discourse .
POS	but was i entertained ?
NEG	true , brandon lee is dead , but there would be no reason for him to appear in a followup to 1994's the crow , anyway .
NEG	when did banality and pandering become okay ?
POS	it's an inoffensive , enjoyable piece of nostalgia that is sure to leave audiences smiling and humming , if not singing , " that thing you do ! " --quite
NEG	indeed , " scream 3 " tries to link its murders back to the one that started it all , the murder of sidney's mother maureen before the beginning of the original " scream . "
POS	for one of his best performances , check out sling blade , in which he plays a mental patient sharing a ward with billy bob thornton .
POS	arthur upmore ( bernard bresslaw ) and his wife linda ( patsy rowlands ) take her mother daphne barnes ( joan sims ) and her minah bird on holiday with them .
NEG	apart from a remotely exciting pod race sequence , episode 1 is a dry affair that serves little purpose , except to make money and to get us to watch episode 2 to see what happens to the many unfinished plot lines in the film .
NEG	the story revolves around his past , in flashback form , making it even more confusing .
NEG	rapaport is an actor who i usually see in the role of the dimwit the really , really dopey dimwit .
NEG	in any case having one talking race dominating another makes this not a look at human-animal relationships and more one of the master-slave relationships .
NEG	he may as well have said the opposite of what he says ; it would have at least gone with what the character was like .
POS	aside from its title , the biggest problem with " crazy/beautiful " is its ending , which wraps everything up too fast and too tidy .
POS	they explain that a colony of families is flourishing on the same planet from which she just left .
POS	mtv films' _election , a high school comedy starring matthew broderick and reese witherspoon , is a current example .
NEG	that type of illogical can be fun .
NEG	sure , it's loud and dumb , but in the end u . s marshals just ain't fun .
POS	the film is awash with a fascinating psychosexual tension .
NEG	on a side note , the trailer shows the only redeeming elements of the film , that coincidentally lasts the same amount of time that they did on the trailer .
NEG	surprisingly enough , when i read the screenplay ( about a year before actually seeing it ) , this one seemed to have the most potential .
NEG	apparently many did , and it utterly baffles me .
NEG	it seems like joel had so much footage that he had to edit almost an hour out of the final product .
POS	presently we know he has a girlfriend named jo ( gretchen mol ) who he constantly argues with over his gambling .
POS	but there is less money on the screen in terms of dinosaur effects than in the two previous films .
NEG	there is a running gag about the town , verplanck , n . y . , being a test town for the then new yugo .
POS	as well-rounded stories with a beginning , middle and end , they leave something to be desired .
POS	they are a balance of energy and intellectual depth , walking on a fine line between the both , and never stumbling on either side .
POS	from the moment that the ship leaves port until it hits the iceberg , dicaprio has to carry the movie and keep our interest , and he never falters .
NEG	wayans approaches each go-round with gusto , but by this point he's simply treading water for the rest of the film's unfunny duration .
NEG	the conflict of the movie is that after max , unsuccessful in his endeavor to get 1900 off the ship , gets off himself , he stumbles upon a record of 1900's music in a store .
POS	this decreases nello's reputation around the town , save aloise and her parents , and a kindly miller , william , who is very sweet to nello every time he drops by .
NEG	betty tries to be hip like pulp fiction ( this is another flick featuring a pair of strangely bright and articulate hit men ) , enchanting like the wizard of oz ( of which this film makes several allusions to ) and heartwarming like [stick in your favorite loveable misfit movie] , but by the end it left me cold with its calculated desperation .
NEG	but the plot and the situations are so off-putting that nothing could save it .
POS	caught watching " casablanca " on his desk monitor , fingal is sentenced to " doppling " rehabilitation--he is to spend forty-eight hours in the body of a baboon .
NEG	why would the bad guys still give a crap about this thing after 10 years , and even more so , why would they only give the shrink until the day's end to do his part ?
NEG	then the meat of the plot presents itself .
POS	i was told the movie would've featured the daleks on screen and started with more of a courtroom drama between the master and the daleks , but a lot of rewriting went on on the set .
POS	boring ballads we expect , but boring production numbers , too ? )
NEG	there are dreams , there are characters coming back from the dead , there are others who look like the dead , there are strange apparitions , there are disappearances , there are a looooot of chase scenes , there are tons of weird things that happen , and most of it is simply not explained .
NEG	so what happens when you put these two people in the same room and come out with a movie co-starring the ever-versatile lisa kudrow ?
POS	but it's a common knowledge and experience that , with a few exceptions , every movie sequel is worse than the original and some are even not worth making .
NEG	and it's not even one of those movies that's so bad it's funny .
NEG	the script desperately tries to make an thin and boring story into a two hour epic .
POS	dreyfuss , who had previously been seen in " american graffiti " ( 1973 ) and " the apprenticeship of duddy kravitz " ( 1974 ) gives a surprisingly mature , complex performance for someone who had literally only played kids and teenagers .
POS	campbell is very successful with this character , adding the slightest bit of charm to a seemingly repulsive character and making her fun to watch .
POS	adult social interaction never really progresses beyond the level of junior high , does it ?
NEG	they don't do so well either , but eventually meet up the lone surviving astronaut-gone-rasta and solve the mysteries of the universe .
POS	the movie is also full of experimental stylistics that are relatively unused today , but probably because of that seem curiously fresh and new in van peebles' hands .
NEG	it's as if that fascinating concept--what would you do if no one could see you ? --is
POS	she is totally devoted to caring for her mentally handicapped brother , warren ( w .
NEG	the atmosphere attempts to be surreal by incorporating time travel and various time paradoxes , but it's presented in such a ridiculous way it's utterly boring .
NEG	since this is a century ago , we narrowly dodge a remake of green card , only to find that the girl ( jolie ) faked her photo and is actually beautiful .
NEG	luke graham ( don cheadle ) leads the team , jointly formed of americans and russians .
NEG	the film shows large rallies with young children in attendance , pledging allegiance to the federation ( again , sound familiar ? ) .
NEG	but adults in the audience aren't likely to find much of anything interesting about the big gorilla .
POS	it's a fact that a good thriller or action movie doesn't need violence to be good or worth watching .
POS	duchovny here does a laudable job of shaking off his fox mulder persona -- with the help of his fellow co-stars rarely do we see any hint of special agent fox mulder .
POS	almost everyone has their own agenda .
NEG	for most of us , i think that childhood fascination with bodily functions disappears when we hit the far-side of puberty and discover how funny sex is .
NEG	the fact it does not occur to leo and apparently didn't occur to tim burton either is the heart of the real horror of this film .
NEG	but as anyone who's seen the commercials knows , the astronauts fail .
POS	i mean , i was completely convinced that every single one of these apes was for real !
POS	in how to make an american quilt , the first hollywood release from australian director jocelyn moorhouse ( proof ) , we come to understand how the tales of the seven makers imbue their creation with passion and vitality .
NEG	all the characters in " final fantasy " are like that .
NEG	it rumbles , hums and belches forth remarkable sights .
NEG	" unfortunately , as is the case with most modern thrillers , once the film showed potential for authenticity and intelligence , the cliches and action sequences take over , " - review of " the jackal . "
POS	cartoon star roger rabbit is blowing takes and having trouble keeping his mind on work , so hard-boiled private detective eddie valiant ( bob hoskins ) is called in by studio head r . k .
NEG	i don't know what any of this has to do with martial arts , but there are lots of martial arts in the film .
POS	george doesn't take too well to having a mouse for a brother at first , but once the two play together they instantly bond .
POS	quiz show gives signs of hope that the art of writing isn't dead in hollywood and that we need not only look to independent films for thoughtful content .
POS	the only letdown comes at the finale , which is too touchy-feely and sweet , almost negating what came before it .
NEG	then again , there is that one scene with the lovely salma hayek tied up in a cage . . . huh . . . oh
POS	there's guidance counselor sam lombardo , police officers ray duquette and gloria perez , dark mysterious senior suzie toller , and the popular head cheerleader kelly van ryan .
POS	are you tired of all the hot new releases being gone by the time you get to the video store ?
NEG	tossed into this are little bits and pieces that occasionally seem to be saying something about men and women , feminism , the role of the devil , modern reformers , and friendship .
POS	stewart is bold as always , a magnetic screen presence and perfectly capable of holding an entire film together .
POS	various amusing encounters and mishaps befall the participants en route to silver city .
NEG	damn that y2k bug .
NEG	look at this movie .
NEG	" 8mm " doesn't condemn or condone its subject matter , it just exploits it .
NEG	* * * = excellent show .
POS	williams is the only actor i can name who can make an audience cry just by smiling .
POS	you'll see .
POS	jimmy gator ( philip baker hall ) hosts a popular children's tv quiz show that really exploits and destroys children as we see from the stories of current quiz kid stanley spector ( jeremy blackman ) and former quiz kid donnie smith ( william h . macy ) .
NEG	yeah , yeah , the advertisements didn't even try to conceal the fact that this movie had only one hook - sex .
NEG	it takes forever to get to the end credits -- this is one of the longest-seeming 95-minute motion pictures i have recently endured .
POS	another thing , and boy am i bitching today ! , that bothers me is when critics and such go on about " well thats not really possible . "
POS	her mast famous episode , " love's labour lost " , dealt with the ordeal of doctor mark greene as he tried his best to save the life of a pregnant mother and her child .
POS	their only hope to cure it is to find out what a perfectly healthy baby boy has in common with an old derelict .
NEG	unfortunately , when his star quarterback , lance harbor ( paul walker ) , goes down for the count , he's got to rely on the unreliable abilities of backup john moxon ( james van der beek ) .
NEG	2 ) ken russell is never going to grow up , no matter how long you wait .
POS	the film revolves around the kidnapping of peter bowman ( david morse ) , an american engineer working in south america who is kidnapped during a mass ambush of civilians by anti-government soldiers .
POS	it had a lot going for it , but somewhere along the way , it faltered .
POS	on the surface , he lacks personality compared with his hyped and more fortunate astronaut colleagues , but shepard gives texture to this character with subtle gestures and phrases .
POS	we are mute witness to his gradual breakdown as the pressures just keep on building .
NEG	the hairstyles are retro too , straight from the frankie avalon , annette funicello school of fashion .
POS	the phantom menace , although lacking in human aspects of the story , is a very worthy installment in the star wars .
NEG	in mulholland drive i think he is having a laugh at the expense of the crime film genre .
POS	a great wall ( 1986 ) can be called a culture sketch , as opposed to a character sketch because it gently compares a chinese american family to a beijing family .
NEG	nothing seems particularly inventive or original , so the whole movie lacks suspense and drags ( it runs nearly two hours ) .
NEG	[pg-13]
POS	little lies seep into every corner , like maurice pretending that he's " just dropping by " when he visits cynthia after much deliberation .
POS	and although it+s focus is on the courtship of guido = to dora ( played by nicoletta braschi , benigni+s real life wife ) , a silent undercurrent creeps in .
POS	if you are confused by something , do not worry because it will all become clear later on but , and i cannot stress this enough , pay attention ! ! !
POS	each member of this special group also had their own characteristics that separated them from others .
NEG	it's no secret that martial arts film often use their plot simply to get from one action sequence to another .
POS	ulee's gold feels like another fonda creation- on golden pond : it has a soft , calm surface with a tempest brewing underneath , the cinematography creates a place of gold , yellow , and olive colors , the music is stirring and tranquil .
NEG	the stoddard household is huge , containing two adult children ( josh hartnett , " the virgin suicides " and tricia vessey , " kiss the girls " ) , their colorful bedmates and a maid who's just imported her shirtless boyfriend from the rainforest back home .
NEG	viewers also know that " in living color " is a skit-show and that a little of jim carrey goes a long way .
POS	his car crash scenes are quick and exciting mini-masterpieces : we're at first not sure if they'll take place , but everytime it looks like it may occur , we gasp .
NEG	t . kirk " .
NEG	" beloved , believe not every spirit , but try the spirits whether they are of god : because many false prophets are gone out into the world . "
NEG	as dave robicheaux , alec baldwin is fat . . .
POS	the period feel and realistic african settings are nicely maintained in a production that traveled from zimbabwe to mozambique .
NEG	the thriller business itself is ridiculous -- it involves nasal spray bottles and drugs , and juergen prochnow as a surly doctor .
NEG	as the ape-trader limbo he over-emotes to overcome his ape make-up , but does it very well .
NEG	even the obligatory topless babe shot wasn't enough to hold my interest for more than 2 seconds .
POS	also , the battle scenes are filmed in a strange herky jerky style that seems to be slo mo and fast forward simultaneously .
POS	it is in this nm city where , several months later , ellie finally picks up on a strong signal from outer space , perhaps the most profound discovery in the history of science .
POS	the premise itself seems to have sprung out of a fairytale , but hunt's rooting the fairytale in common chicago folk simultaneously lends credit to the scenario and tinges everyday urban life with a hint of the ethereal .
NEG	in a curiously irrelevant subplot , jakob finds a 11-year old girl who has separated from her parents and decides to hide her in his small home .
POS	perhaps his alternate reality is all that he could muster ( not unlike the very different _brazil_ ) .
POS	however , apparently , he could not be a violinist due to his intolerance for flaws in his playing .
NEG	is that exciting or what ?
NEG	the message : if he would give her an army to command , she would deliver to him the crown .
POS	a muted scene where he tries to visit her respective room but is shunned allows us to learn more about juan , and understand his sadness more than we did before .
POS	instead , guido ardently falls in love and persues dora , a local school teacher who already is engaged to a local fascist official .
POS	beatty plays jay billington bulworth , a long-time democratic senator from california .
NEG	yet it still fails .
NEG	.
NEG	it is not the all-star cast's fault , just the characters designed for their portrayal .
NEG	instead of watching this , i would recommended filling your bathtub with cement and going snorkeling .
NEG	i can only imagine if this was an imax film , this city kid would surely never go in the water again .
NEG	apparently , the studio took this film away from its director and chopped it up themselves , and it shows .
POS	it seems that star humphry bogart spend about 85 percent of the movie with various leaders of the nation instead of with ingred bergman .
NEG	susan granger's review of " jeepers creepers " ( mgm/ua entertainment )
POS	the series is strong for a lot of reasons .
POS	but fun .
NEG	with an a-list cast of oscar laureates like that , " twilight " would seem very promising .
NEG	watching the cast of this motion picture atrocity try to act their way through roger kumble's awfully written script is probably a lot like stabbing yourself in the arm with a chainsaw and then pouring salt on the open wound .
NEG	i just expect a man who can make up an alternative history of the united states to be able to craft a few original ideas before exposing the negative .
POS	heist is mamet doing his most entertaining work .
POS	why , i shall not tell , but i assure you , it isn+t pretty .
POS	saturday night , i attended another sneak preview for the movie and damned if i didn't enjoy it as much the second time as the first .
NEG	the teenagers all have reasons for their melodramatic angst .
NEG	nope .
NEG	whatever initial entertainment value the film possesses has long since drained away by the halfway point .
NEG	perhaps , indeed , there is a curse on mars films , if you recall two other duds : " mission to mars " and " red planet . "
NEG	the same cannot be said for former m . g . m .
POS	dr . emma russell , portrayed by elisabeth shue , has discovered a way to produce energy by way of cold fusion .
NEG	tons of illogical moments about ; more than i really have the inclination to list .
NEG	shallow . . . . hmm . . . now there's an idea .
POS	duquette and perez , however , begin to suspect that there's more afoot to the case than just false accusations .
POS	`five people stranded in a log cabin in the middle of nowhere struggling to survive vicious attacks from a variety of ugly , hairy , wart covered monsters . '
NEG	" holy man " also tries to present a story of redemption , as ricky hayman tries to decide whether to exploit g's good will to achieve financial security or do the right thing at the expense of his career .
NEG	synopsis : the president of a company wants to test his self-appointed successor , who's psychotic , and thinks it's a great idea to spend a week with him and their wives in an isolated cabin a hundred miles from civilization with no dependable transportation or means of communication after a heavy snowfall .
NEG	less wrinkles .
NEG	but by the end of it i thought : why liam neeson and cathrine zeta jones , jan de bont ? .
NEG	this could have been a really cool movie .
POS	david's parents are the same kind of parents that populate all these college comedies from the 1980s , movies like secret admirer , porky's or zapped and the norad general beringer is straight out of dr . strangelove .
NEG	admit it : sometimes you like seeing bad movies .
NEG	he's in romania because the kid actor he made famous is doing a film .
POS	with a couple of incredibly cute kids thrown in for good measure ?
NEG	well , by hulking around the desert in an enormous , mechanical tarantula , of course .
POS	it also is a very light movie to watch despite the theme it delves in because it has a lot of human-factor going for it .
POS	but society has a way of taking these people , and hurting them until their death .
NEG	swordfish is a very cynical movie .
NEG	play it to the bone , the newest addition to ron shelton's sports - themed repertoire fails in numerous ways .
NEG	for all of its flash and style , l . ron hubbard's science fiction epic is the earliest and best entry for the dullest summer film of 2000 .
POS	orion pictures underwent bankruptcy and caused the film to sit on a shelf for three years .
POS	the price for his victory is most high .
NEG	o'donnell plays jimmie , a hopeless romantic in his late twenties who's progressing in a serious relationship with anne ( renee zellweger ) .
NEG	( it's no wonder that the film has been sitting on the racks for about a year ) this felt like a really bad tv movie of the week , with some nudity stuffed in from time to time , just to wake up the audience .
POS	odd . . . . . ) .
NEG	it's the story that needs some major work .
NEG	gary oldman's performance is disappointingly weak ; he seems nearly bored .
NEG	ms . henstridge recently commented on how some female audiences have expressed appreciation for her character in the first entry of the species series , claiming that " she's so empowered . "
NEG	john carpenter makes b-movies .
NEG	somehow an oil tanker has survived the centuries , and its inhabitants , called " smokers , " are able to keep gasoline engines running despite the dearth of replacement parts and raw materials , so the bad guys have outboard engines , and fast-moving boats , airplanes , and jet skis .
NEG	the screenplay is o . k , but there's some hackneyed sub-plot about douglas being a ruthless player on wall street ( again ) and the ending is surprisingly stupid and cliched .
NEG	and his numerous twists can't even claim to be originals ; arlington rd's ending is a direct steal from the much better alan j . pakula thriller the parallax view , and in reindeer games we get this ol' gem ; character incriminates themself by saying something they shouldn't know ( pronouns used to protect the gender of the " character " . . . grammar
NEG	the police attribute it to heavy drinking .
NEG	funny ! "
NEG	with an intelligently written screenplay , godzilla could have been so much more .
NEG	stu miley is the genius behind the new phenomena " monkey bone " a crude comic strip , that everyone wants to merchandise , they go to great links to get it as well , including dollars that let out fart powder .
NEG	originality not being an issue .
POS	although cautioned by many that he will ? shoot his eye out' , ralphie remains optimistic , conjuring up a detailed scheme to get on the good side of his parents and teachers .
POS	also , a subplot involving incest rings untrue .
POS	i mean it would be interesting to see yoda's girlfriend for a change , if he has one .
NEG	the plot : antonio is a supposed gangster ( assumed , really ) who leaves his two troubling kids home while he and his wife ( tomita ) go out to get drunk at a new year's party .
POS	what puts a damper on this otherwise exceptional and creative film , i ? ? ? m afraid , is the ending , or , rather , the identity of the killer .
POS	it was the image that lillian spent her time painting all summer and had the same affect for her as did the animal faces in picasso's guernica had for him .
NEG	and when a robinson is called upon to deliver a line about warp conduit thingamajigs , they inevitably stumble badly enough to embarrass even the lowliest star trek ensign .
POS	the movie is at its best when its stays within the constraints of bubby's hermetic two-room universe .
POS	the scenes that aren't original or interesting seem to go absolutely nowhere , leaving you wondering , " what is the point of this ? "
POS	( warning : major spoiler ahead .
POS	you know , where you sit down to watch it , and no matter what you've heard about it before , you just can't help but be totally drawn into its story and shocked by every single turn that occurs .
NEG	but why give him a more serious material ?
POS	in fact , some of the best scenes are ben stiller's wonderfully underplayed comic moments of absolute disgust and frustration with his employer .
POS	he has pulled off dozens of successful heists and has probably stashed away a small fortune .
POS	the movie also features meryl streep , appealing as the love-interest , and shirley maclaine , who pops up in a hilarious cameo .
NEG	capsule : in 2176 on the planet mars police taking into custody an accused murderer face the title menace .
NEG	why ?
POS	but oh , how enjoyable that manipulation is .
NEG	" what is this , a homicide or a bad b-movie ? "
NEG	it pokes gentle fun at the notion of urban legends .
NEG	the black man is taller and burlier , and the aging scholar is bald , with wrinkles and a beard .
POS	he managed to be in the two best movies of 1967 , " in the heat of the night " and the even better " in cold blood . " )
POS	at the hotel she is staying at , she makes a massage appointment and after a long , soothing session which ends with her crying as a release of emotions , she strikes up a conversation with the handsome masseur virgil ( val kilmer ) , only to find out later that he is actually blind .
NEG	as bad as " mimic " was , it definitly scared me .
NEG	at least warren beatty tried to make a statement with his dreary and overrated film , though .
POS	i know i can't be the only person on the planet who thinks he's an annoying , preppie little snot . . .
NEG	get carter has great directing , strong acting by rourke and caine , and energetic car chases that would make william friedkin proud .
NEG	for a film that champions seeing patients as human beings , it's curious that the ones here are cardboard characters .
NEG	i would slam it harder , if it weren't for the nifty sets and the mere presence of all these fine , lovable actors .
POS	this raises another question : how does it do this ?
POS	and the light ain't good in there .
NEG	there is nothing in it -- not a glimpse of depth , nor a shimmer of intelligence or insight .
NEG	at least in my theater it was difficult to make out the words with the quiet speaking , the heavy accents , and the cockney language .
NEG	the supporting cast is also painfully useless .
NEG	nic cage and gary sinise try to inject some life into some poorly realised characters , but it's no use .
NEG	laboring under a ton of appliances , schwarzenegger looks as if he's having trouble even moving in his suit , let alone trying to act .
POS	of course anyone with a brain can tell what's gonna happen next .
POS	he also begins to lose his stability when his adversaries begin to murder his friends .
POS	as played by brenda blethyn , cynthia comes close to being a caricature , with her nervous , somewhat disconnected way of talking .
NEG	the audience is blatantly lead by a ring in its nose from scene to scene .
NEG	there's a scene where mira sorvino is standing in subway station while the lights are flickering on and off .
NEG	what follows is about 2 hours of action , brought to us by the director of executive decision ( 1995 ) , another film curiously involving a plane .
NEG	christopher atkins , a handsome enough actor who plays the killer , adam , looks like a clown in the second half of fatal charm .
NEG	this carry on movie tries it best to entertain the viewer : - the locations and wealth of characters are appealing .
NEG	those who are dumb enough to stray off on their own will ultimately get killed .
POS	together with the great voice acting , this film is the perfect holiday family film .
POS	if that isn't your cup of tea , nobody forced you to see the film .
POS	since 'dark city' ( 1998 ) , films about alternative universes and parallel worlds have been coming one after another .
POS	it means that he may have to lose his reputation by associating with the nerdiest kid in school , who knows more about rocket science than he does .
NEG	why an oil driller ?
NEG	the bitchy competitor .
NEG	larson's character accidently kills his own wife rather than the couple he wants to kill .
NEG	questions like " why do the characters always have perfect lighting on them even when it is pitch dark ? " ,
NEG	kumble is clearly familiar with the earlier film ; many of the scenes have a similar tone , and there are moments in frears' film that kumble imitates almost completely ( such as the last scene , in which [spoiler warning ! ] the antagonist is humiliated in front of her peers ) .
POS	he's the one who also wrote 8 mm and seven .
NEG	the coup de grace is bill murray as bosley , serving as charlie's manservant , or , more to the point , the angels' pimp .
POS	warning : spoilers ahead ! ! ! !
POS	in recent years , harrison ford has been such a grave screen presence , scowling through the likes of tom clancy's jack ryan series , _the_fugitive_ , and last year's smash _air_force_one_ , that one wonders if the rogue charm that made him such a superstar had been completely drained from his system .
NEG	the end result is a tepid and dull action/adventure rip-off that stinks of indiana jones and bad asian kung fu .
NEG	other than that , you could find better action flicks .
NEG	and as expected , everyone turns the tables on poor al .
NEG	don't get me wrong , i think that deniro is one of the top ten greatest actors of the century , but he is just out of his league here .
POS	vincent was born the natural way when his parents decided on bringing their first child into the world through love .
NEG	on the way there , he and his band of mercenaries do all sorts of nasty things , like burning native villages , to earn the wrath of the locals .
POS	why not tell the people the truth about being a sleazy politician - that he is bought and paid for by lobbyists , and that racism among the populace protects politicians from being the target of charges of classism ?
POS	in the background rudy's voice narrates his feelings and makes half-cynical jokes about the legal profession in general .
POS	hogarth hughes ( voice of eli marienthal ) is a spirited young lad who lives with his hard-working single mother , annie ( jennifer aniston ) , in a small town in maine .
NEG	shen yuelin attempts to gain sympathy by reciting renaissance of a destitute relationship with her deceased father , whilst jack moore is eager to talk about chinese musical instruments when he could have been working on a plan to free himself .
POS	it's astonishing how frightening norton looks with a shaved head and a swastika on his chest .
POS	oh yeah , and did i mention that the apes can talk ?
POS	and life is never so bad that it can't get worse .
POS	like so ( citizen kane , fargo , the godfather , the godfather part ii , greed , ) many of the greatest american films , schindler's list plays with the concepts of money , power , and soul .
NEG	it only gets worse : the film turns into a chase film about half way through the film , and since we already know what happened , we can't rely on rick's investigation to be all that interesting .
NEG	put reindeer games on the shelf of shame with his 1996 version of the island of dr . moreau .
POS	the relationship that results between judith and pat is true-to-life and sincere .
NEG	throwing a monkey wrench into the plans is the requisite dumb ass : in this case general hein ( james woods ) , who wants to use the zeus cannon to bomb the aliens back to the stone age , even if it destroys earth as well .
POS	see it , see it again and when the dvd comes out , buy it , because a movie this hilarious will surely have outtakes to die for .
POS	fortunately , the focus here is almost entirely on the package , whereas in mission the script was more concerned with the double-cross and why it happened .
POS	everyone's different , but nobody in the film wants to be framed as " alien " to the community .
POS	it's quite touching really .
NEG	fincher will hopefully regret making this film or at least learn a lesson .
NEG	i wonder what's funnier : the fact that any moment in this film required storyboards or that di$ney thought fans of this film would want to see them ?
NEG	peter boyle is totally wasted as an institutionalized scientist who screams " i told 'em not to go ! "
POS	her husband is a retired official who has heard rumors of american depravity ( homosexuals running the streets ) , and her daughter lili longs for american freedoms in a youth culture where studying for college entrance exams is the most important thing in life .
POS	obviously this enrages hopkins , because really , what can death offer ?
NEG	( 1 ) murphy shatters the record for the most profanity in a motion picture .
POS	granted , it contains some uproariously funny moments both in and out of the concentration camp , but it does not pull a " hogan's heros " and make light of the slaughtering of some six million innocent jews .
POS	apparently tarantino was so impressed that he helped braddock convert this into a feature-length film .
NEG	the characters , themselves , are rather pathetic and despicable .
NEG	however , certain rules should apply to film , and one of those is consistency of character .
POS	so yeah , the x-files is scary .
POS	you have been warned .
NEG	the letter-writer ( a figure in a rubber slicker wielding a large metal hook ) soon makes his presence known and begins to hunt down the four teens .
POS	zero effect gets its title from the main character , daryl zero ( bill pullman ) , although we don't understand what it truly means until the very last line of dialogue in the film .
NEG	he even undoes himself with the old microphone's still on after he's done giving the speech cliche .
POS	even the singer meatloaf is in it ! !
NEG	any competent editor would have tossed her ass out the door quicker than you could say " get me rewrite . "
NEG	doesn't make sense .
NEG	everything else i said was just padding .
POS	there is really no need to compare a multi-million dollar blockbuster such as star wars : episode i ? the phantom menace or tarzan , or even the iron giant with a tender , sweet little family movie .
POS	it is loud , obnoxious and very talkative .
NEG	perhaps .
POS	but beyond being bad in a tasteless type way , south park : bigger , longer and uncut has many messages that are embedded inside it .
POS	furthermore , the trouble that joe and norma baxter ( ian lavender and adrienne posta ) have with their large irish greyhound allows for some comical moments between the two families .
NEG	since she is an expert amateur horticulturist , he convinces her to help him revive his hemp plants , which he grows for private use .
POS	he leaps and bounds as if he had springs on his feet .
POS	returning home on air force one , he gets the chance to demonstrate his words personally .
POS	parker , i had not been overly impressed by his movies .
NEG	still , that the film has the robinson patriarch as our hero shows a lack of imagination .
POS	in fact , it is terrific .
POS	at the film's end , the credits roll past slow motion footage of that same 50s tv audience , mindlessly laughing at some piece of fluff .
POS	helped along by a strong screenplay by billy bob thornton and tom epperson , which makes the most of its setting and delightful cast , " the gift " is that rarest of thrillers that actually thrills , and offers up a fair share of chills , too .
NEG	the warrior and the lover are two personality aspects that find it difficult to exist in the same body .
NEG	none of this is present in spawn .
NEG	but if " showgirls " is any indication of hollywood's future , the folks in washington should focus their attack on a more dangerous threat to american values--bad moviemaking .
NEG	this movie crash lands without ever breaking thru the atmosphere of mediocrity .
NEG	he said he liked home alone 3 much more .
NEG	even the lame and unispiring crime mystery subplot works to the certain extent .
POS	sam raimi took a departure from his normal freak-show horror-monkey films and made this stylish and intriguing picture .
POS	the montage is ironically intercut with pictures of martin luther king and bulworth in his youth working with jack kennedy .
POS	another of the outtakes showed bill basch saying a prayer for his dead friends at auschwitz .
NEG	written by randy turgeon , march 18 , 1998 .
NEG	even though i hold universal in contempt for making this horrible movie , i'd say even more contempt should be aimed at mr . bruno for making a movie that could be this bad .
NEG	don't forget to vote on my poll and sign the guestbook !
POS	" drunken master " is the only early jackie chan movie that i know of that you can find in its original , letterboxed , hong kong subtitled form , commercially available on vhs ( from magnum video , in a gold box , for about $10 ) .
NEG	a 1963 adaptation of the book was scary and intelligent .
POS	however , what really is impressive is that even though there are tons of characters in several unrelated stories , the film is never confusing .
POS	vincent , meanwhile , has the honor of taking marsellus' wife , mia , out on a date while the big man is out of town .
NEG	director arne glimcher never establishes exactly what his film is trying to say .
NEG	beyond that point , hush is just a series of increasingly hard-to-swallow coincidences , contrivances , and moronic plot twists .
POS	the dramatic aspect has been toned down considerably since rocky ii and now action seems to be the strong point of the film .
NEG	although she only has one camcorder , somehow the result is full of close-ups and multiple angles . . . hmmm ,
POS	the picture opens with a family escorting their young bride to her wedding .
POS	but then , in an effort to spite the two candidates , tammy announces that she is running as well .
POS	this hip , live action/animation story begins as a monkey snatches a hard-boiled egg from frank , a zookeeper ( bill murray ) , who grabs it back , drops it , then gobbles up the contaminated morsel , explaining , " if it hits and ground and you pick it up within 10 seconds , you can eat it . "
NEG	( these were exceeded by the unintentional ones . )
POS	sweet .
POS	the only problem is there might be too much humor , one joke makes you laugh so hard you miss the next few .
POS	without getting into too much detail , i will say that the compromise they ultimately reach is very costly , yet necessary and as sensible as possible under the circumstances .
POS	many critics didn't like all the actors being bald , but it makes complete sense when taken in context of the plot .
POS	all the blame is placed on rivka , who is thought of as unpure as the reason for her being barren .
POS	you wouldn't expect something bright and cheery based on robert louis stevenson's novel , but the film is surprisingly dreary and dismal .
POS	the film's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .
POS	these people all felt real to me , especially the character played by sandra oh .
POS	his alter ego is forceful and totally without conscience .
POS	far from any 56k modem my guess is that it's some kind of 2400 bps modem , the kind of technology you now find at your local technical museum .
POS	blade is a fun movie with an interesting take on the vampire genre .
NEG	gruffudd is cute and harmless , perhaps , but evans can't even aspire to that .
POS	and raimi takes advantage , he has ash tormented by the head of his girlfriend , by the body of an old lady , even by his own right hand .
NEG	anyone want to place a wager on his final decision ?
POS	the first things you notice about this production are the sets and costumes .
NEG	all others should go rent " heaven can wait " or truly be brought down to earth .
NEG	alas , we are instead guided to endure the trials of a young man named shane ( ryan phillippe ) , a going-nowhere new jersey teen who gets a job in the club , thanks to rubell's homosexual impulses .
POS	the effect was incredibly powerful , lasting and entir e everyone , but in a different way .
POS	i've always thought that such obscene running times should be limited to historical epics .
POS	out of identification we feel empathy for onegin , a callous bastard .
NEG	in fact , miramax subsidiary dimension films was so fearful of the critical reaction to this picture that reviewers were shut out of advance screenings .
POS	so far this summer i have seen only one movie who ranks higher on my list of movies i'd recommend and that is the truman show but it only wins by a nose .
NEG	leary stays stateside , for the most part , yelling at garofalo over the phone and generally being an asshole .
POS	verona was the home of the rival families in shakespeare's version , only slightly changed in luhrmann's .
NEG	the plot is a bit unclear .
POS	as we know , in films where paranoia is a dominant element ( see the truman show's laura linney character ) , or for that matter , in real life , it's always the ones who never stop smiling at you and are overly friendly that are the ones of which to be wary .
POS	the entire second act takes place on the orca as the three men hunt the shark , and inevitably , are hunted by it .
POS	an enjoyable , suspenseful movie about the fury mother nature can unleash !
POS	i'll tell you i was .
POS	in ron howard=92s latest film , gibson plays tom mullen , a gazillionaire airline owner whose son is snatched from the junior science fair by kidnappers .
POS	the performances and the story are solid ( if only a little cliched ) and the action is tight .
NEG	if you have problems with insomnia , i recommend you this film .
POS	the big , serious dramatic climax was met with more than a few snickers , and it ambitiously strives for a profundity which the film had not even begun to work toward .
NEG	as luke puts it , dr . marrow pulls the old " academic bait and switch " on his subjects , but he breaks down and confesses to this the second he's accused .
NEG	needless to say , murphy shows little , if any , promise or imagination as a screenwriter .
NEG	however , life soon starts imitating art , and " stab " cast members turn up stabbed .
POS	however , those who look familiar faces would find them plenty in the dogs of war - tom berenger , paul freeman , jo beth williams , victoria tennant ( in brief cameo ) , and biggest surprise is ed o'neill ( of married with children fame ) as shannon's reluctant colleague .
NEG	five hundred characters , it seems , are introduced within the first fifteen minutes .
POS	more time could have been spent thinking up the ending , since it does seem quite sloppy .
NEG	rated r .
NEG	i've never seen all of " new york stories , " but have heard the first two films , by scorsese and francis ford coppola are crap ( i saw woody's one , which was hilarious but not totally up to par ) . but i will rate each film individually and then report back to you on the overal average score of the film .
POS	the frenzy isn't helped any when camera crews from every conceivable news magazine and " entertainment tonight " wannabe show up at greenleaf high the very next morning .
NEG	wild wild west's story and script was compiled by six different people , rather than just the one who put the brilliant touches on men in black , ed solomon .
POS	there's no real sense of vulnerability or desperation in the way he portrays his character , and that keeps us distanced , however slightly , from hobbes .
NEG	he's quickly becoming miramax's mickey mouse ; the company has already signed him to work on several of their upcoming projects .
NEG	the script tried to deliver a series of small jokes throughout the film but without a big laugh-out-loud joke and mediocre small jokes , it failed miserably at being entertaining at all .
POS	his teacher isn't home .
POS	the saint was actually a little better than i expected it to be , in some ways .
POS	the rare exception was the dogs of war , 1980 adaptation of frederick forsyth's bestselling novel , yet that rare occasion only added insult to the injury , by mentioning croatians in most unflattering context .
POS	mulan's motivations are simple ; to save her father , serve her country and find a place for herself in a world in which females have no say .
NEG	ultimately , verhoeven's motives are irrelevant .
NEG	fox fails yet again in his search for intelligent life .
POS	billy crystal , who hasn't had a good role since city slickers way back in the early '90's , is given a role that lets him fully exploit his wiseguy act .
POS	it's a film like fincher's which reminds us that it is okay for a film to sacrifice quality for quantity ( the final scene ) .
NEG	she has only seconds to decide who will be saved .
NEG	played partially for comedy and partially as crazed killer , blossom almost becomes real , but then sinks into goofiness .
NEG	unfortunately , his character is completely irrelevant to the plot ; murphy should have given hall a much bigger role .
POS	luckily , the dogs of war had a good script .
POS	then marc lawrence did something wonderful , something which made the entire film click into place : he showed me a comic love story about grown-ups .
POS	homer+s dad is played by chris cooper , a favorite actor of mine since _lone star_ .
NEG	and then there's martin sheen .
POS	" i've been told by several people , 'you're old fashioned .
NEG	well , he's a guy without a head .
NEG	all of the standard tropes are here : a hard-boiled p . i .
POS	johnston -- whose career in the film industry includes everything from directing well-known titles like jumanji and the rocketeer down to an uncredited role as a death star trooper in star wars -- certainly knows what he's doing here .
POS	why , you may ask , do i go on about the story's flaws ?
POS	afterglow is basically a four-pronged character study .
POS	with a seemingly endless conclusion , aliens ends with one of the greatest moments in film history .
NEG	one day , he disappears , and , fearing that he left because she was undeserving of his love , madeleine travels to venice to kill herself .
POS	also noteworthy is the score for the film , done in a marvelously lush orchestral style , not representative of most hong kong fare .
NEG	however , even if one thinks of it as fiction , " the prince of egypt " remains shallow .
NEG	also , bean makes way too much noise in the film .
NEG	we do not care about them .
POS	of course , the casting of harrison ford in the broadly comedic lead role plays a sizeable part in the movie's success ; ford is such a concentrated dramatic actor that it's easy to forget what a funny guy he can be .
POS	i didn't particularly like steven's girlfriend , and i felt that more focus should have been used on the relationship between steven and his best friend .
NEG	this is not a simple plan about finding a plane load of money and getting away with the cash .
POS	as good a job as leonardo dicaprio and kate winslet do in this movie , they're no clark gable and vivien leigh .
NEG	wild wild west is a running gag that never truly works .
POS	nutshell : a relevant , intelligent , suspenseful drama .
NEG	an orginal plot that grows old real fast .
POS	but i do know this : ewan mcgregor , whom i had never had the pleasure of watching , definitely charmed me .
POS	a delightful movie for all ages , the muppet movie is * bursting * with cameo appearances by countless hollywood stars of the 80's and today .
POS	heavy spoiler . . .
POS	neidermeyer is the supreme-bozo of the bunch , walking around with his dick out kicking freshman ass and trying to impress the muff .
NEG	yeah , thanks , nasa .
NEG	ewan mcgregor - codename : " eye " - is pointing a high-tech rifle-ly gadget at a fat , bald business-oriented american engaging in illicit sexual activities in a window across the street .
NEG	do you think we would get an explanation as to what happened to him ?
POS	there are moments that will make your sick , which are probably best forgotten , but overall mike myers has redefined what it means to be an international spy and leading man .
POS	same ironic distance comes with extremely effective choice of soundtrack .
POS	for example , bystander-extras would walk around the block incessantly with flowers along with the latest issue of _dog fancy_ .
POS	penn pays attention to all the trappings of the serial killer genre , but they are just window dressing .
NEG	duchovny and driver seem unable to generate any sparks , and i kept wishing for a fast-forward button to move their scenes along .
NEG	or could it be that we have come to expect so much more from will smith and hollywood big-budget movies , that we cannot help but evaluate them on a scale onto their own ?
POS	mr . forster's nuanced , understated performance is the best in the film ; he creates an amiable character of such poignancy that when he gazes at jackie , we smile along with him .
NEG	i'm sorry , i can only suspend disbelief so much .
POS	the four characters begin interacting when marianne hires lucky as a handyman to fix up the inside of the apartment she shares with jeffrey .
NEG	it's just chris o'donnell running from 100 , 000 obnoxious , greedy , angry and stupid women .
NEG	the car wash scene , i found myself laughing at how stupid it looked .
NEG	one tough cop isn't laughable , nor is it a terrible film , but it just isn't unique .
POS	the two terms have been practically inseparable since ferris buehler took the day off in 1986 .
POS	maybe human nature is a result of mankind's flaws .
NEG	plot : a six-year old girl is believed to be some kind of mysterious prophet sent down from god .
POS	shortly after , suzie , too , confesses that sam raped her as well .
NEG	have you ever heard the phrase 'if it ain't broke don't fix it' ? ! "
NEG	no one could stop him , not even ichabod .
NEG	although carl's been doing this for awhile , he's recently become sloppy , and fbi agent peter novak ( vince vaughn ) is closing in fast .
NEG	he is one of those macho guys with women lined up a mile long .
NEG	even whit stillman's _the_last_days_of_disco_ , which wasn't so much concerned with disco as it was witty dialogue within a group of hip-to-only-themselves club-hopping preppies , featured at least one extended dance scene .
POS	the actor has been constricted playing heroes for too long now-there's room to breathe in a role that's made up of shades of gray like " onegin " .
POS	from the roars of gears and pumps in the engine room , to a doomed ship cracking at the seams , this is an effects picture that looks and sounds like no other .
POS	and the movie is just so funny .
POS	best of all are ben affleck and matt damon who mock themselves and their movies .
NEG	hugh grant plays a successful child psychiatrist .
POS	in some regards , making a movie is like trying to stretch a rubber band as far as you can without breaking it .
POS	all the rest displays a compilation of footage , mostly from the concert at the palladium in new york city , halloween 1979 .
NEG	now frown ! . . . i said frown . . . . oh . . . you are . . . bang
NEG	in fact the whole film feels like a reworking of last year's extremely unpleasant the story of us , for teen audiences .
NEG	not a good choice .
NEG	most of the good-natured gags are of the fast-motion variety , such as runaway cows and out-of-control lawnmowers .
NEG	but harlin succeeds because he shows the faces of the victims in realistic situations .
NEG	an annoying child actor named jean-luke figueroa plays a soon-to-be orphan named nicky .
NEG	the one mildly clever segment featured winkler and prinze jr . in a fantasy sequence called `cooks' , a `cops' take-off in which the father and son would storm houses and cook a decent meal for ? needy' families ( with the assistance of a fully-armed swat team , of course ) .
POS	now let's just take a peak next door , at the delta house .
NEG	the actors are all quite good with ms . danielle cormack as liz being particularly impressive .
POS	now that would be a classic .
NEG	director tim hill ( muppets from space ) adds a few nice touches , like max's voiceover character introductions for the film's main characters and a flashback scene that's pretty funny , but there isn't too much else happening here stylewise . . . unless
POS	what happened ?
NEG	i liked the music , but don't bother buying the soundtrack .
POS	the performance of " titties and beer " played in this movie is very entertaining , with drummer terry bozzio supplying the voice of the devil .
NEG	then , as only hollywood could have it , through a long set of twisted events , he meets viola de lesseps ( gwyneth paltrow ) and falls madly in love , thus curing his writer's block .
NEG	and why the hell would anyone want to invest time in a movie when the screenwriter keeps changing his own rules for no reason other than to congratulate himself on how damn clever he is ?
NEG	he was responsible for several good films ( " basic instinct " and " starship troopers ) " and some incredibly bad films ( " showgirls " , " total recall " ) , but he has never made anything that was great .
NEG	whether or not they save the day , i will not reveal .
NEG	weismuller made 12 tarzan features ; van dien will probably fall 11 short of that number .
NEG	the group seems to know their business , particularly sam , but each is in his own way cold and professional with his own field of expertise .
POS	finn's segment is by far the most compelling , because she's the focal point : her actions are shaped by everyone else's experiences .
NEG	i loved the scream films - heck , i even enjoyed the sci-fi goofiness of the faculty .
NEG	knock off , however , is the first film that i would have preferred to see with all of the talky sequences cut .
POS	the advent of the dvd format has provided a more accessible way to get these original cuts to the public and provide to film freaks like myself the ability to become further enraptured by the extension of such classic films .
POS	instead , they fill him with so many drugs that he can barely cope .
NEG	i honestly think that if i picked up my camcorder and deliberately tried to make the worst movie i possibly could , it still might not match glen or glenda ?
POS	this big screen version of the classic board game ( what's next . . .
POS	in a very gutsy move director spike lee shows sex without fantasy .
POS	as the bitter jerome , jude law has a star-making presence , and it's his scenes with hawke that give the movie its fine emotional core .
NEG	there's so much wrong with this film .
NEG	his cell , food and rights  all terrible .
NEG	it's too bad really , " monkey bone " could have been a real good movie , but with it's heavily done hack job , and lack of character development it just sinks when the end credits role .
POS	don't miss it .
POS	women are at times alluring and repulsive , their extravagant hairdos and animal print coats providing colorful highlights to the intricately-woven drama , an eye bruised by an abusive husband here , a mouth bloodied by an impromptu delivery there .
NEG	graham is a babe - thank goodness there was something for me to think about during this film .
NEG	sure , carrey has his moments .
POS	" crash " is structured to play like a porn flick , but with significantly more plot and dialogue .
NEG	the screenplay is lamely written , and the subject matter poorly conceived .
NEG	i don't know why the guy got himself involved in this train wreck , but perhaps he wanted to so something more mainstream after the neverending weirdness of the fifth element and the aforementioned stylized biopic .
NEG	( you remember , the one with marlon brando in mime make-up and a not so flattering moo-moo ) , and now this .
POS	as a result bob and grace click almost too quickly--yes , i know she's supposed to have his ex-wife's heart and everything--it seems too effortless .
NEG	in addition if anybody but john carpenter had made ghosts of mars , carpenter would have grounds to sue .
POS	the tatooine pod races are a triumph of effects and computer animation .
POS	it is seen through the weary eyes of a 51-year-old , small-time hood , eddie " fingers " coyle ( mitchum ) .
NEG	after all , that monolith just might contain information about how life originated on earth .
POS	it's a wild ride .
NEG	question : it's obvious the babies are super-smart , but why are they able to fight like jackie chan ? ?
NEG	hunter " patch " adams' ( robin williams ) desire to become a doctor has an unusual genesis .
NEG	in the original movie , the lead characters had to make split second decisions to survive . . . . . in this movie it felt more like - " well people , we're gonna run into that there island in a few hours - i think i might stroll over to engineering and see if i can't turn off the engines . . . i'm
NEG	really , i don't .
POS	kaye indulges in a lot of interesting artistic choices , and most of them work nicely -- lots of slow-motion and strange camera angles add to a moody atmosphere .
NEG	sample dialogue from the film : ( shot of mars ) astronaut a : " look , there's mars " astronaut b : " you sure that's mars ? "
NEG	in fact , i was much more impressed with this recognition than with the actual film , which is an appalling excuse for a movie .
NEG	i had made up my mind ; i'll catch it on video or cable in a couple of years .
POS	they have references to the show so subtle that non fans would not notice them , only whovians would , and they're good .
POS	everyweek , wafflemovies . com
NEG	even the cold turkey bit which is rife with dramatic possibilities come across as banal .
POS	the philosophy appears to be a simple one : if you want 'em to be taken seriously , make 'em do drugs .
NEG	that could turn out to be the most boring movie ever made , but it'd be better than home fries .
POS	what all of this comes down to is the simple message that violence begets violence , and the constant clashes between factions will do nothing but continue the endless cycle of violence inherent in our society .
POS	the scene is comical , awkward , moving , and beautiful .
NEG	snipes performance is average , and his character gets surprisingly little screen time ( considering he is the fugitive ) for reasons i'll explain later .
POS	perhaps the only thing i didn't like about " frequency " is the overly sentimental coda , during which the camera's focus goes a little too soft and the baseball theme gets carried overboard .
NEG	when the film isn't using some stock footage of actual forest fires , the simulated ones look hokey .
POS	they are the characters we most relate to because of their calm less extreme roles .
POS	it is films like this that we know the ending as we buy the ticket .
NEG	so he does , and we get the obligatory drill sergeant from hell , head-shaving and marching/singing sequences , more mind-numbingly stale here than ever .
POS	( when lesly calls it the family's " home " to mrs . pascal -- they've never had a visitor before lesly -- mrs . pascal becomes discombobulated until she realizes that lesly is talking about their " house . " )
NEG	ultimately , this is a movie that starts off with a decent premise , joins the crew in their " misadventures in space " for the main crux of its journey , and eventually settles down for one of the most anti-climactic endings this side of contact .
NEG	there are some serious problems in louis mellis's and david scinto's script that should have been caught before filming .
NEG	none of them appear to be based on individuals ; they all look like the products of general descriptions given a police sketch artist .
POS	when the signal is closely examined , many new developments spring up , and before long , drumlin is stepping in to take over the operation he once scoffed at .
NEG	rated r .
NEG	and what's up with these people passing as high school students ?
POS	the german crew of u-571 are under attack , which sets the events of the rest of the film into motion .
NEG	in a low-budget independent film from a first-time director , these faults can sometimes be forgiven , if the screenplay is fresh and solid .
NEG	throughout the film we are given subtitles that tell us how much time has passed ( it goes from months to weeks to hours ) .
POS	not that they are the only good stars , however .
POS	but , i believe there are really few cases when a movie labelled as science fiction actually happens to be straight historical epic .
NEG	it doesn't even work as mindless entertainment : it's so shallow that the most escapist viewers are likely to dismiss it .
POS	he now works as a singer in a nightclub .
NEG	quinn looks up yaz and the two travel to rome so they can rescue the woman , kill stavros , save the world and do whatever else the screenplay requires them to do .
NEG	it's established that they can simply turn off the power to stop it , but the virus has sealed the power room by the time our heroes get there .
NEG	the focus of " the cell " in on the ornate interior of carl's mind , but the universe director tarsem singh creates seems more an exercise in computer-generated spectacle than an exploration of the psychotic personality .
POS	he moves into tyler's squalid abandoned mansion , and they form the titular organization , an underground therapy group where men bond with bare-knuckle savagery and very few rules , the first two of which are " don't talk about fight club . "
POS	however , the performances are uniformly excellent , particularly kathy bates , and the film has its moments .
NEG	but when he is made invisible , something goes wrong .
NEG	in the chaos , the omegahedron sails out through the opening , dooming the argonians to death . . .
POS	they recall their horrible , precarious lives in auschwitz and buchenwald ; the deaths of their family and friends ; their loss of hope .
NEG	maybe a little bit of cohesion in the story .
NEG	somehow the new superior soldiers don't prove much of a match for todd .
NEG	poster boy for co-dependency needs patching
POS	what were his views , was he a war criminal or a secret resistance fighter ?
NEG	maul is one of the most underused bad guys in film history , even if he does provide the only 'straight' plot line in the film ( all the other plots in this film are to be concluded throughout the trilogy . )
POS	williams is the title character , hunter " patch " adams , sporting scruffy facial hair that falls between the clean-shavenness of dreams and the grotesque hairiness of will hunting .
NEG	he does this , and then gets knocked off by a bird .
NEG	so we've got a fish-out-water formula mixed with meet-cute romantic comedy which ideally should make for a good movie .
NEG	rather than being a story about father-son , man-ethnicity , man-god , " the prince of egypt " is almost solely about the brother-brother relationship between rameses and moses .
NEG	then , once seated on the throne , he abandons her to her english captors .
NEG	and for me , the casting choice of john travolta for this role was just plain wrong .
NEG	they had almost nothing in the way of chases or gunplay .
POS	" you caress the noodles with the chopsticks , " he says , " then put the roast pork on the side of the bowl and apologize to it by saying , 'see you soon . ' "
POS	gosh , i certainly don't mean to question the mpaa , or " the handbook " .
NEG	the answer is no .
POS	a severe editing job could have made this movie excellent , instead of just good , which is what it is .
NEG	i love to see movies about hollywood shenanigans , but this one bites the big one .
NEG	we never do find out what's in the briefcase , but i doubt anyone cares by the time they finish sitting through this two hour long attempted thriller .
POS	carlos is smart enough to recognize the danger in getting involved with her , but he is only human and she has the greatest smile .
POS	this time , williams is after matron ( jacques ) when he needs to prove himself that he is a man after visiting dr . goode .
NEG	note : some may consider portions of the following text to be spoilers .
POS	don't get me wrong about titanic . . . . it's
NEG	alas , word is filled with little but disappointment , a kooky mix of girl , interrupted and ransom , with michael douglas and company collecting a paycheck to plod through a vapid and dull kidnapping thriller .
POS	lisa gay hamilton does an impressive job in the emotionally demanding role as the younger sethe , whose appalling actions make her the disturbed woman we see eighteen years later .
NEG	there ya go .
NEG	nobody even mentions harrison ford in this movie .
POS	it is not rated but would be pg for adult themes and would be fine for kids around nine and up .
NEG	as a massive flood started by a dam accident overwhelms huntingburg , its residents presumably flee as the water level steadily increases .
POS	she does a wonderful portrayal of a jealous wife who is targeting the person who had an affair , and is not above getting other people to do her dirty work .
POS	so my initial predictions were wrong .
POS	almost famous ( 8/10 ) - blow ( 8/10 ) - boogie nights ( 9/10 ) - detroit rock city ( 8/10 ) - girlfight ( 6/10 ) - goodfellas ( 10/10 )
POS	documentary director joe berlinger ( " paradice lost " ) helms " blair witch 2 " , leaving the creators of the first film ( dan myrick and ed sanches ) in the background .
NEG	ray liotta is a psychotic serial killer being transported from new york to california on christmas eve .
POS	the parallels don't end there , either .
POS	sure it's predictable and melodramatic , but for a moment after leaving the theater , i was dumbfounded with patriotism .
POS	somehow , a serial killer's reign of terror , which in the original timeline had been stopped at three murders , extends to ten victims . . .
NEG	see it if you like to watch really bad movies , otherwise skip it , because it will just have you hating every star that makes an appearance in it .
NEG	the depressing answer can be found in lawrence kasdan's trite but occasionally useful grand canyon , where steve martin's hollywood mogul pronounces , " all of life's riddles are answered in the movies ! "
NEG	even worse -- it's a bore .
NEG	the cast is mostly unknowns to american audiences .
NEG	then there's another .
POS	surprisingly , " rush hour 2 " wastes no time getting down to business and turns out to be better than the flick that spawned it .
NEG	you win a kewpie doll .
POS	need more ?
POS	she could use some highlights .
NEG	and as for comparisons to seven . . . oh
POS	the supporting cast sparkles .
POS	his british superiors ship him off to panama , making sure he understands that he had better not screw up the placement .
NEG	" what ? "
NEG	? 1999 eugene novikov
NEG	the fox mulder detachment doesn't work here .
POS	of course , not everything goes as planned ; the cia , for example , realizes what's going on and strikes a deal with the president's electoral opponent to report to the media that the " fighting " has ended , forcing motss and brean to come up with a new angle on the supposed albanian crisis .
POS	gibson and glover are always in sync and the film moves at a brisk pace to get to the final and terrific mano a mano .
POS	even when the film wraps up , it's uncertain whether it's meant to play as an advocate for religion , science , both , or even neither , and in our modern day society where " right and wrong " is only opinion ( at least speaking " politically correctly " ) , the ambiguity is an incentive .
POS	what we get here is a movie not unlike any of the other three we've come to know and love since the late 1970s .
POS	and teams up with a conscientious " phi beta capsule " 12-hour cold remedy called drixenol ( david hyde pierce ) to chase down and destroy the deadly " red death " virus ( laurence fishburne ) that's determined to take frank down in 48 hours , beating ebola and e . coli to a medical record .
NEG	remember a little film called jaws ?
NEG	comments : virtual seduction , executive produced by roger corman and lance h . robbins , serves as a cheaply-made precursor to strange days , a far superior film .
NEG	about the only positive thing this film had going for it was the fact that it sports some nice scenery .
POS	most amusing among these new personalities is the one adopted by sugiyama's co-worker mr . aoki ( naoto takenaka ) , a balding systems analyst who becomes a fiery latin lover when he dons a frizzy wig and begins to rumba .
NEG	the whole film , since it is primarily a " buddy picture , " depends on the strength of the friendship the two characters have for each other .
NEG	" jawbreaker " is a pastiche , and not even an enjoyable one .
NEG	seriously , though , i have no problem with directors who want to play around with film conventions , as long as they don't get carried away .
NEG	original ? ! let me give you a run-through of picture perfect : character a ) kate ( jennifer aniston , from tv's friends ) , a smart , beautiful , professional woman wants two things she can't have : a new job-title and the love of her co-worker kevin bacon .
NEG	you keep thinking what they might have accomplished with the time they squandered .
POS	also bruce springsteen is completely wasted in a brief cameo halfway through the movie .
POS	ok , maybe that's not enough parallels .
POS	if it hadn't , the first hour of the movie would be more engrossing because we wouldn't know what's wrong with cole .
POS	kermit decides to leave his swamp and make the trip out to hollywood .
POS	it's an exceptional disaster film with sappy filler inside .
NEG	not once do we get the feeling that these characters are even acquaintances-i'd be surprised if these actors bothered to introduce themselves to one another before " action " was called .
POS	the most famous landmark to appear isn't the liberty bell or independence hall ; it's geno's steaks .
POS	the film also boasts a chase sequence of a kind that can best be described as unusual .
POS	what made me surrender and give this movie * * * 1/2 stars was the score by john williams .
NEG	gene hackman dons a fedora like tom landry and speaks with gusto like a certain coach in hoosiers .
NEG	and then to top it off , we've got this dark , but bird-brained story of an evil spirit taking over gillian's body .
POS	i also liked some of the supporting cast members .
NEG	the amish in this movie are also flimsy and unconvincing .
NEG	and rodman . . .
NEG	characters keep popping up with no explanation , demanding money for deals that occur off-screen .
NEG	also , the movie is irritatingly selective with how effective the bugs are to earthling weaponry .
NEG	and respected french actor thierry lhermitte has a brief turn as another monster meal .
POS	they've been married for twenty-five years .
NEG	the only saving grace keeping this movie from receiving zero stars is an amusing but pointless cameo from isaac hayes as a prisoner upset with his food .
POS	when the critics praise beatty for speaking the truth about politics , this line is not what they're talking about . )
NEG	for example , the planets of the solar system were supposed to line up in the year 1982 and cause chaos here on earth .
NEG	luckily , my video guy was in the middle or recording ram shrasta !
POS	he spins and darts across the screen like sanders cutting back through the defensive line .
POS	one thing that does not quite fit with the earlier films is just as grant discovers that raptors may be able to talk to each other , suddenly they seem to be doing it all the time .
POS	the performances throughout are top-notch .
NEG	his name is simon , and an evil government bureaucrat named nicholas kudrow ( alec baldwin ) wants him dead because he unknowingly cracked a supersecret government code slipped into the back of a puzzle magazine by its programmers just to see if someone could beat it .
POS	screenplay by andrew kevin walker .
NEG	both men are nearing the end of their " almost " careers when a fluke provides them with a redemptive opportunity .
POS	the movie charts the causes of his mental breakdown .
NEG	there's no humor to be found anywhere in " tomb raider , " even though it tries hard from time to time .
NEG	then , with a thunderous sound effect and an eerie sounding musical pulse , she bumps into the killer .
NEG	the revived teen , teresa ( elodie bouchez ) joins them .
POS	in the opening scenes , he seems like a happy-go-lucky wedding singer , at least partially enjoying his profession and doing a rather good job of talking down a really drunk individual ( steve buscemi ) who decides that his brother's wedding is a good place to tell the whole world that his life , up to that point , was utter pointlessness .
NEG	even once this film has sunk out of sight , the knowledgeable viewer knows it won't be the last of its kind .
POS	this is certainly not the only alteration that's been made .
NEG	when the card is flipped rapidly , the bird appears to be caged . )
POS	simon's friend frank ( cuba gooding , jr . ) , also gay , does not fare much better .
POS	films such as aliens , the abyss , the wild bunch , blade runner , and terminator 2 are all prime examples of a filmmaker's integrity , later chopped up or mucked with by the studio .
POS	the performances are good enough , in fact , to cover up many of the script's weaknesses .
NEG	one of the nastier things about the movie is the way it treats lesbianism not as an integral part of someone's life , but as a kind of kink -- something to thrill men with .
POS	with this in mind , 'the thirteenth floor' doesn't make an oscar candidate or a film that will be remembered a year from now , yet this is a beautiful , elegant and intelligent take on virtual reality .
POS	capsule : suprisingly more of a comedy than a straight action flick , which isn't necessarily a bad thing .
NEG	the local sheriff ( randy quaid , whom most will remember as the drunken pilot in id4 ) and a couple of police men investigate the situation , but their morals are soon overpowered by greediness as each character contemplates what he/she would do with their share of the three million dollars .
POS	how often do you see a movie where you believe that two characters truly and sincerely care for and love each other , as friends and as lovers ?
NEG	professor john robinson ( hurt ) is the intelligent , quiet leader who has devoted so much time to his work his family and marriage are suffering without his realizing it ( it's obvious what role this aspect will play ) .
NEG	after a gang of jewel thieves , headed by sean bean's koster , kidnaps his daughter , nathan is forced to extract from his new patient , the catatonic and violent elisabeth burrows ( murphy ) , the location of some hidden bank job booty that her father hid from the koster gang a decade ago .
NEG	both have an abundance of screen time , although i'll admit that the film's erotic content is somewhat less impressive than i expected .
POS	winfrey is arguably beloved's greatest asset .
POS	one of the more interesting dvd features is an outtake segment for each of the survivors ( plus one for the crew ) .
NEG	that is , until two loser university students unfreeze him in 1986 .
NEG	they arrive at yellowstone national park , where they are believed to be two new park ranger recruits .
POS	checking-in to kellogg's battle creek sanitarium are matthew broderick and bridget fonda , just two of the many well-known faces in this failed comedy .
POS	this basically creates a mess , but the stories can be discerned and enjoyed .
NEG	after all , no one's going to think for a second that troy won't turn out to be a villain .
POS	the surrealistic soap opera is completely plausible thanks to a tight screenplay and a sympathetic carrey-he really is an everyman here , abandoning his facial contortions in favour of a credible , wide-eyed bewilderment .
NEG	and of course anyone as beautiful as alicia automatically spends their friday nights at home ( at least that movie critic at large guy does ) .
POS	in modern times , fairy tales have become disneyfied and debased ; they have become trite adventures involving leering witches , friendly dwarves , and cuddly talking animals .
NEG	the film is done in by its ham-fisted script as the story , adapted from carl friedman's book " the shovel and the loom , " goes from one false note to another until it gets lost in all the goo of its sentimentality .
POS	thankfully , they never become two dimensional characters who are bent and twisted throughout the movie to fit into the stories mechanics ( like the heroine in 10 things i hate about you . )
NEG	the script doesn't know what the hell to do with them .
NEG	there's even include a shower scene that offers a brief side view of them .
NEG	geez !
NEG	surely to the puritan eye this is as close to a coven of witches as it gets ?
NEG	" mystery men " might have worked if it was an ensemble cast of newcomers trying to break into the business .
NEG	meanwhile , in an unfinished subplot , bruce ( batman's alter-ego , if you forgot ) has been dating the lovely julie madison ( the even lovlier elle macpherson ) who wants a commitment after a year but he says nothing .
POS	braga and moore's mostly sharp script will please both trek devotees and the rest ; the references to the borg storyline in the tv series , the continuity with the previous film ( e . g .
NEG	if looks were enough to fully convey a character , she would have been brilliant .
POS	rush makes harry a credible figure , presenting the various levels of the character so effectively that he remains sympathetic despite his duplicity .
NEG	edtv had no real wit or genius ; it was typical hollywood .
NEG	a cool , calculating roughneck with a certain hip , suave " je ne sais quoi " .
POS	soon after , tragedy strikes , and onegin makes himself scarce .
POS	jim is a teacher that takes the trust that students give him as a privilege , and uses it to his own amoral advantage .
POS	roger ebert gave it a four star review , and while he is a critic that uses the full scale , and i often agree -- such as dark city being the best film of 1998 , he must have seen a better film .
POS	they have a little boy george ( played by the adorable jonathan lipnicki ) and now they have a new son .
NEG	okay , first of all , the story is just plain boring .
NEG	i guess the bottom line with movies like this is that you should always make sure that the audience is " into it " even before they are given the secret password to enter your world of understanding .
NEG	however , robbin's performance is nowhere near as good as the characters he played in jacob's ladder , and the player .
POS	where's joblo coming from ?
POS	" you are a mother , " her son marty tells her disgustedly .
POS	directors eric darnell and lawrence guterman are relative newcomers ( though guterman did direct a 1994 feature , headless ! ) .
NEG	ummm !
POS	is hitchcock's version better ?
POS	goro finds that tampopo's ambition is to have a shop that people would flock to from far away , just to eat a bowl of her ramen .
NEG	drink some beers , smoke some beans and rent this video , because it may just be one of the funnier thrillers of the year .
NEG	but in all fairness , she has virtually no part .
POS	ten years later , soviets have launched " sputnik " marking the beginning of the space age .
NEG	smith is ill equipped , for example , to handle the moment in which jim west performs stand-up for some rednecks at his own hanging .
POS	good will hunting has all three .
POS	thankfully , " drunken master " , at least , is available in the aspect ratio in which it was meant to be seen , at a very affordable price .
POS	the depth of intrigue in ronin is quite amazing , considering the fare that's fallen into the same category over the last few years .
NEG	stuart baird , the director , is all right , but there's no particular scene that stands out .
POS	it skillfully employs a broad mix of pop tunes , much like john hughes' movies did , and even pays homage to the breakfast club a couple of times , most evidently when the prom band covers simple minds' " don't you ( forget about me ) . "
POS	on the whole , the movie is pure popcorn fare from beginning to end , entertaining the audience .
NEG	character problems abound ; rudy is made to shift between sweet boy next door earnestness and hard edged wiseacre , the latter of which is not ( at least at this point ) something ben affleck is capable of pulling off .
POS	cute-as-a-button dunst forces the viewer to share the pain beneath nicole's behavior .
NEG	out of sight director steven sorderbergh baffles the hell out of us all in the limey , a cold , uninvolving , confusing new thriller .
POS	a decapitation .
POS	elliot ness and a small force of men known as the untouchables attempt the impossible by trying to stop capone and trying to maintain peace and order .
POS	as with his other stateside releases , jackie chan's latest chopsocky vehicle , mr . nice guy , is contrived , blockheaded , and lacking in narrative logic .
NEG	outlaws is yet another re-telling of the jesse james legend , courtesy of b-movie king james g . robinson ( producer of such classics as wrongfully accused and chill factor ) .
POS	zero effect works well during its romantic scenes as well .
POS	raimi does a fine job of tying in a fox in a chicken coop and birds of prey to signify the future of the characters .
NEG	well , they sure were nice to look at , but not for a moment did one of them scare , or even for a split-second , have me believe that they were anything more than hollywood special gadgetry .
POS	everyone else , including denzel washington , is boring .
POS	his exceptional gift singled him out , and those who love him kept pushing him in the right direction .
NEG	it's mostly just about the big gorilla , but , strictly as a formality , the movie also has a few human characters .
NEG	however , while in the middle of nowhere , their jeep decides to break down , leaving them stranded .
NEG	not a great twelve months for either of the principals from this movie .
POS	his attempted transformation from one of the most obviously gay men in the world to the straight-shooting uncle is hilarious .
NEG	he chooses that of charles wellington , the tenth richest man in the united states .
NEG	the opening credits sequence introduces us to cage as cameron poe , a gulf war veteran convicted of manslaughter and serving eight years in prison after an ill-fated bar-room brawl .
NEG	play it to the bone is unsuccessful because not only is the boxing theme dull , but the side story of the two guys and a girl travelling across the country is even worse .
POS	the acting was quite delightful as well .
POS	for me wonder boys works as subtle drama because of its insight into artistic types , and as a low-key comedy for its chuckle-worthy throwaway gags .
POS	the mood swings are quick and violent and the torment she puts her husband and their two daughters is considerable .
POS	blanchett isn't the only bright performer , as she is ably supported by one of the best casts of the year .
POS	in fact , cinque is the only character who is fleshed out .
NEG	daryl obsesses over brooke , follows her around , and tries to woo her .
POS	the exciting jaws 2 . the rather flaky jaws 3d and sometime in the late 90s another film of the same genre that i can't seem to recall ( about the son of jaws returning to wreak revenge or something like that ) .
NEG	a good opportunity , then , wasted .
POS	for some reason he's attracted to her , and although it never gets said , the audience understands from an intrinsic point of view .
POS	he is quick to apologize for his actions and wants to be a gentle person , but something is sparking a tendency towards violence .
NEG	" mystery men " indeed does this and every time a character succeeds another one congratulates him and says " i knew you could do it ! "
NEG	we see one side of a person's faces .
NEG	the " comedy " in this film is pathetic , obvious and dated ( oj simpson jokes galore ) .
POS	the only important unexplained japanese-specific reference that may leave some a bit puzzled is that 1000 yen is roughly $10 ( when you see the film - and you should see this film - you'll know why ) .
NEG	jason patric ?
POS	this is , for the holiday crowd , the hot ticket ; as well as anyone looking for a serving of genuine action in a market that is otherwise lacking .
NEG	is this a comfortable break from my week of finals ?
POS	he's the kind of guy we don't mind talking directly to us .
POS	dante's peak is cliched , and at times corny , but also pretty decent .
NEG	along the way ichabod gets help from a bewitching ( literally ) young woman ( christina ricci ) and the son of one of the murder victims ( marc pickering ) .
NEG	poor leguizamo .
NEG	police sergeant phil quinn ( william sadler ) takes him in , and what ensues for the first 70 minutes is a tedious series of sneak-outs and sneak-ins where robin slips out of his jail cell , breaks a window , then returns , all without quinn ever noticing .
NEG	it's directed by reitman , clearly trying to parlay his " ghostbusters " success into a twenty-first-century counterpart .
NEG	there's no logic at work here .
NEG	i later read a ny times review that said kathleen turner and dennis quaid had gotten so plump they looked like they had the mumps in the show .
POS	instead flik accidentally hires circus performing bugs , who he mistakenly assumes are warriors .
NEG	kinder and heep want to unlock the secrets using their test babies , namely little sylvester ( sly for short ) , who can break in or out of any given situation so efficiently that he would be right at home on the mission : impossible team .
NEG	for the first portion of this review , i'm going to try and center on the positive aspects of hudson hawk .
NEG	how stupid ?
NEG	.
NEG	it's made up of every element of science fiction , but at no time does it evoke the slightest amount of wonderment the genre was meant for .
NEG	we sit there , watch in disbelief that this movie is as bad as it is .
POS	allison becomes so frustrated with him that she practically urges him to take advantage of her .
NEG	" metro " is a no-nonsense movie .
NEG	bill bellamy is a " player " which means he sleeps with a lot of women and lies to them .
POS	ferris buehler's day off showed an educational setting that was similar to a pile of marshmallows .
POS	the stationary camera in this shot heightens our fears because when the deputy escapes , we are deserted by our reflection and the viewer becomes the sole proprietor of sensibility amongst a swarm of irrationality .
POS	however , given a choice between the mass media 'happening' of the real event and the fictionalized movie , i would definitely opt for the later .
NEG	brolin's character , for some inexplicable reason , thinks its a great idea to spend some time in a cabin , practically isolated , with lebrock and larson , whom he's decided to test for the week before giving him full control of his company .
POS	as far as the subtitles go , i have to say that they're among the most easily-readable subtitles i've ever seen for _anything_ .
POS	once the investigation is underway , however , zero's brilliance really begins to shine .
POS	dale carnegie should have had it so good .
POS	gitai ( devarim/yom yom ) is a labor party leftist , who believes that if the rigid hasidic ever got control of the government , it would sound the death knell of israel .
POS	this british import follows the ( mis- ) adventures of a group of heroin crazed scottish youths .
NEG	two scenes are storyboarded . . .
NEG	iggy , all bones , veins , and drawl , is the only one who seems to have shared in the aesthetic of ruin that defines this film .
POS	what is most amazing about ralph fiennes' performance is his subtle physical transformation from dashing snob to miserly grouch .
NEG	just remember what the american audience always wants , and you'll be fine .
POS	" the tailor of panama " is a different kind of spy movie .
NEG	i bet he wishes he were somewhere else . . .
NEG	then suddenly at the end he turns the story on its ear with a large number of clues that appear that they should add up to something .
POS	he labels the average marxist an " unfeeling , calculating machine " that will do whatever it takes to preserve itself .
NEG	awaiting these moments by enduring the rest of the film is certainly not worth your time or money .
NEG	granted , the film is very handsome-looking .
POS	pay attention , boys and girls - this shot was not conceived by john grisham , but by altman .
NEG	while this movie has some nice visually eerie effects , too much of it's impact had to be generated with extreme close-ups , while the level of suspense was choppy at best .
POS	but the plan goes awry when baby crawls out an open window and into the streets of downtown chicago !
POS	in fact , for its first half , the film is nearly-perfect .
POS	he teaches him " the chicago way " to do things ; when they attack with a knife , you attack with a gun .
POS	hauer stars as a man obsessed with keeping the birds on his island safe , while boothe plays a guy hired to steal a couple of rare eagle eggs by a rich egg collector .
POS	indeed .
NEG	alien 3 ( the " 3 " should be in superscript ) is a sad and wan entry in what was shaping up as one of the best sf sagas ever put on screen .
NEG	the film plans to exploit the beauty and sweetness of its delicious star pen ? lope cruz , who plays a brazilian chef with a magical touch for bringing out the spices in her preparations , the aromas just sensually waft from her cooking pot , but who can't get by on looks alone in this transparently predictable story .
NEG	american psycho ( 9/10 ) - cruel intentions ( 8/10 ) - eyes wide shut ( 6/10 ) - fatal attraction ( 8/10 ) - playing by heart ( 7/10 ) - under suspicion ( 7/10 ) - what lies beneath ( 8/10 ) - what women want ( 4/10 ) - whipped ( 7/10 )
NEG	us yanks will have a hard time with some of the dialog .
NEG	this of course , leads to more massive carnage , blood shed , and graphic depictions of limbs and heads being ripped and severed from their bodies .
POS	there's a famous anecdote about fletch director michael ritchie inviting picketers of the last temptation of christ into a screening on his dime , just so they could know for certain what they were rallying against .
NEG	it's probably not surprising that his hateful little boy , unfortunately blessed 'ani' by everyone he knows , joins the dark side and kills everyone as quickly as possible .
POS	we knew it couldn't be too daring , or have any surprising plot twists that many cynical modern romances are apt to throw in .
POS	unfortunately for this chosen family , their 10-year old son is the smartest one in the group , and the father is too wrapped up in his work to notice the rest of his family ( ever heard that one before ?
POS	life is beautiful is a self-proclaimed fable , one which tells its story in grand , two-part fashion .
POS	do you want to know the truth about cats and dogs ?
POS	in addition to directing , kenneth branagh also plays the title character .
NEG	critique : wow .
POS	this man is the perfect subject for this kind of study -- he's funny , energetic , and eminently quotable .
POS	even if you have no idea who mel gibson is , rocky remains an interesting character .
NEG	poor jason lee is stuck in the ingenue role and the normally charismatic actor comes off as merely bland .
NEG	she appears unbilled , since it is just a cameo , but why did she even agree to do it in the first place ?
NEG	don't bring children to this one .
NEG	i mean , so far the only director who's made several films , none of which have been bad is richard linklater ( " slacker , " " dazed and confused , " " before sunrise , " and " suburbia " . . . all
POS	their initially juvenile pranks ( like pissing in food and putting spike belts on roads ) quickly evolve into something more like sedition , and jack fears that things have gone sour .
NEG	and apparently , neither can someone else .
NEG	she tries valiantly to get a firm grip on her character , but the script continually undermines her .
NEG	the witch that was supposed to bring it ( ione skye ) calls up ted and asks him if she can perform fellatio on him to get it .
POS	robbie takes it hard .
NEG	whatever .
NEG	mandy patinkin has a small role made to look bigger in the trailer .
POS	hamlet , enlisting the help of his friend horatio , conspires to capture the conscience of the new king to expose his treachery . . . . and
NEG	there is no suspense because the film refuses to be fully about the murders and little involving drama because the film is too muddled and its focus too vague .
POS	and it is not merely an exercise in cerebrality ; there is plenty of action and an unexpected dose of humour to keep the proceedings lively .
NEG	grier , pill-poppin' natasha henstridge , and some rookie mars police officers ( clea duvall , jason statham ) travel to the remote mining town of shining canyon to fetch " desolation " williams - that's ice cube - to bring him back to chryse city to stand trial for murder .
POS	onegin's about-face on tatyana speaks for those of us ( read : most of us ) who need confirmation that someone or something is wanted by others before we want it as well .
NEG	they're drunk and need sober but nervous ted to hold the cleaver and bring it down if the lighter doesn't light .
POS	you could probably call this a medieval comedy , because there are more laughs here than in eddie and spy hard combined .
POS	sumptuous and beautiful , vulgar and overdone , " moulin rogue " travels through the looking glass while an ethereal stereo loaded with 50 years worth of catchy tunes operates on the " random " setting .
POS	throughout , we sense the deep control which he so masterfully spreads .
NEG	yet this ever-reliable swedish actor adds depth and significance to the otherwise plodding and forgettable aberdeen , a sentimental and painfully mundane european drama .
NEG	one of the oldest maxims of film-going is " beware of movies that use the author's name in the title . "
NEG	i had some reservations about this move and it would seem i was right to have them .
NEG	for die-hard fans of the genre , this will be required viewing material , but the bottom line is that the material here is just recycled from the original i know what you did last summer .
POS	so tenebrae has much to recommend it , no question .
POS	but , at last , someone has a different take on the matter , and it's director brett rainer .
NEG	hell , when i hear that " i'll never tell " whisper on the tv commercial , goose bumps run up my spine .
NEG	overblown effects , stupid and thin plot-line , good performances , disappointing . . . . umm
POS	alien focused on one alien in particular which systematically killed each crew member , except ripley , who managed to jettison the alien out of the nostromo .
POS	as reviewed by james brundage
NEG	while mcconaughey plays a guy who wears a mechanical brace on his leg that he controls with a television remote control .
POS	whether or not romulus of _the caveman's valentine_ will found a nation , or , in the case of novelist george dawes green , upon whose novel his own screenplay is based , a franchise , the fact remains that _the caveman's valentine_ is easily the most misunderstood film of 2001 thus far .
POS	was he killed by accident ?
POS	bulworth halfheartedly reads his speech at an african-american church , then takes questions from the audience .
NEG	betty sets out on the road to la ( with some drugs unknowingly stashed in her car trunk ) searching for her soap boyfriend dr . david ravell ( greg kinnear ) while the two bickering hit men follow in not so close pursuit .
NEG	as an instructor of english myself , i have a hard time accepting the fact that in a course emphasizing great literature , a teacher would stoop to reading a student's bad poetry ( of course , it's valerie's ) about boyfriends out loud and then embarassing its author in front of class with questions about the poem's inspiration .
NEG	to make us care , to make us think and feel .
NEG	using a plastic water bottle and bar tubing , sands operates and saves his life .
POS	he is an innocent slave boy , but " the force is strong with him " so qui- gon is determined to take him with them to the jedi counsel and get him trained as a jedi .
POS	this is a stylish , great-looking , and breezily enjoyable movie that feels like a hubert selby , jr . , novel with a damon runyan rewrite , irected by bruce springsteen .
NEG	it's not even fun as trash .
POS	have i confused you enough ?
POS	i can , however , describe what we see on the screen : l . a . jazz saxophonist fred madison ( bill pullman ) and his wife renee ( patricia arquette ) , whom he clearly suspects of infidelity , receive a series of videotapes apparently filmed inside their house while they were asleep .
NEG	van damme is true to laughable form , perhaps even worse than usual .
NEG	do some police academy sequel ( imagine that . )
NEG	my response would be that anyone who has seen alan arkin in wait until dark , henry fonda in once upon a time in the west , or anthony hopkins in the silence of the lambs should have guessed it .
NEG	this cast does its best to camouflage the sorry plot as it chugs towards an inevitably happy ending , but most is lost .
NEG	he takes a break from his vegas duties and tries to see if he can find the truth .
NEG	it's countered by the lame semi-subplot of a car being stolen with a bunch of heroin in the trunk .
NEG	no number of name changes can help this picture .
POS	after marrying and divorcing an immature woman named arabella ( rachel griffiths ) because they frolicked in the hay ( literally ) but did not ultimately share anything in common , he moves away to a town with a giant university , with a chance to learn more , and get ahead in life .
POS	the screenplay , by buck henry , is absolutely great and includes some of the best bleakly comic lines i've heard since heathers .
NEG	is this hollywood . . . california ? )
NEG	and it has steve buscemi spewing more one-liners about minors and strippers .
POS	i guess it was just the immense feeling of dread which the film had cast upon us .
POS	the film also moves fast ( a mere 95 minutes ) , develops a certain " cute " chemistry between fonda and li , has nice surroundings ( paris , baby ! ) and gives us one of the best bad guys that i've seen all year .
POS	dogma chips away at big religious issues-namely , the hypocrisy that accompanies any organized system of beliefs-eloquently and articulately , but a few of the monologues sound too much like blatant exposition .
NEG	while all of van damme's films have its share of unintentional laughs , mostly due to the stiff acting " skills " of the physically agile van damme , _knock_off_ delivers more than usual ( though not as many as van damme's embarrassing directorial effort , 1996's _the_quest_ ) .
POS	produced by robert lantos & stephen j . roth
NEG	finally there's kate ( arija bareikis ) whose sorority sisters secretly paid her fare .
NEG	some viewers will undoubtedly consider the hero's fanciful stories for a young charge too reminiscent of life is beautiful , but those scenes aren't problematic because they're familiar .
NEG	max is determined to get 1900 off the ship and discover what he is missing on land , but 1900 has no intention of doing so .
NEG	there are some bright spots .
POS	however , due to the fact that hbo shows the movie every single day , i've had time to lean back , relax , and take in the film .
POS	a wonderful life .
POS	although it does have several action sequences in it , most notably the climactic conclusion , _patlabor_ is foremost not an action movie .
POS	oshii was the director of last year's best-known japanese animated film import , _ghost in the shell_ , and is known among fans of japanese animation , or anime , for making films with a deep philosophical bent .
NEG	robert duvall is on autopilot with a underwritten role , he just seems to be in this film for the money .
NEG	in the opening minutes of 8mm , we see private detective tom welles ( nicolas cage ) working on a case for a prestigious member of the u . s . government .
POS	mel gibson isn't the only stand-out in the film .
POS	right now , it's implausible -- i mean , the fcc won't let you say the s-word on the air ; do you think they'd let you broadcast every detail of a man's life to the entire world without his consent ?
NEG	somehow russians ( who may or may not be the russian mafia ) and irish radicals are involved trying to get their hands on a certain metal case .
NEG	like so many scenes in the film , it seems present only to keep your attention from waning .
NEG	he works out of vegas as a self-described 'financial adjuster' .
POS	there is an extraordinary amount of sexuality in this film .
POS	this fable about home and family is a major debut for first-time film-maker thomas bezucha ( a former designer for coach and polo/ralph lauren ) who is meticulous about minding details , using ballads like " welcome to my world " and " achin' , breakin' heart " to set up the concept of our universal longing to find a place in which we can love and be loved .
POS	for the human actors geena davis who never gives a bad performance does not disappoint here as well .
NEG	the movie might have been redeemed by some good action sequences , but even here " mercury rising " doesn't rise to the challenge .
POS	especially impressive are the african's struggle to understand what is going on in the strange land .
POS	reservoir dogs has hints of the tarantino brilliance that emerged in pulp fiction , but is a much less substantive , more conventional crime story than the big pf .
NEG	kilmer looks like he wishes he were someone else , somewhere else , and the rest vanish into the cinematography .
POS	however , while the first two had tons of arsenal ( especially cameron's film ) , alien 3 takes place on a planet devoid of human life except for this run-down prison .
POS	that is endlessly refreshing .
NEG	if anything , " lara croft : tomb raider " makes you want to check out the video game itself to figure out exactly what all the fuss was about .
NEG	i'm guessing he qualifies under nasa guidelines as someone unfit for space travel , at least in my world where the sky is blue .
POS	sure , it's a masterpiece compared to most of the hollywood drivel we usually get , but on it's own , it just could have been better .
NEG	and a few bogus chase and action sequences later , we were left with a long-winded ending that did little to answer any other questions i might've still had , and actually brought up even more contradictions .
NEG	we only see one side of each character .
NEG	the supporting actors are also not given a lot to do : the doctor ( charles dance ) and another , rather religious inmate ( charles s . dutton , very good ) , hiave presence , but they're not asked to do anything with it .
POS	this is something cusack does the entire film a la ferris bueller's day off .
NEG	he thinks of us as idiots who take everything wrestlers do seriously .
POS	when a new tenant moves into the vacant room , the fatherless bobby finds a male role model in ted brautigan ( anthony hopkins , hannibal ) , a mysterious stranger who is vague enough about his past to make bobby's mom suspicious enough to at least momentarily turn her head away from the mirror .
POS	the combat sequences between blade and his vampire targets are incredibly well done .
POS	while in prison , victor learns bulgarian from an inmate and learns to love the bible , quoting from deuteronomy thereafter not unlike the way by which david and sancho refer to themselves as " guardians of a sick flock . "
NEG	the one actor who has a shot is paul giamatti .
POS	simon will also look for god's plan for him , although he loses a little faith along the way .
POS	the scene unfolds like a foursome bidding in bridge--upping the ante , signaling tacitly , going for game .
NEG	comments : watchers reborn , a cheaply made direct-to-video turkey , is the fourth sequel to the first film version of dean koontz's bestselling novel watchers .
NEG	apparently he is afraid that she will be discovered , and goes to great length to make sure of that -- just why the idea frightens him is never made clear .
NEG	robert duvall is energetic and fun to watch , but his character is turned into shreds by the plot .
POS	the next morning margaret discovers darby's dead body on their beach and , suspecting the worst , weights it down in a distant part of the lake .
POS	boyd is a simple , honest man tiered of war , killing and fear .
NEG	susan granger's review of " mulholland drive " ( universal focus )
NEG	joseph cross , as garicia's ailing son , is surprisingly unsentimental , and marcia gay harden lends solid support as a doctor who becomes a major player in the unfolding chaos .
POS	aniston was also surprisingly good as the girlfriend ( and the romance angle between them was sweet ) , but she didn't pull me in hard enough during their emotional scenes .
POS	as a friend of mine , who's a true titanic-buff , said " if someone doesn't like this film , it's because they didn't want to . "
NEG	i loathed " there's something about mary " , yet loved " baseketball " .
NEG	the blame for a mess this big has to be spread around among the principals .
POS	" spice world " ( 1998 ) .
NEG	a funny joke .
NEG	along came a spider ( 4/10 ) - girl , interrupted ( 5/10 ) - kiss the girls ( 7/10 ) - primal fear ( 7/10 ) -- seven ( 10/10 )
NEG	the old gang , however , wants to do one more job with their old buddy and sends a rabid richard widmark type to go and git ? im .
NEG	but one night , the beaker is knocked over and buddy love is regenerated . . .
NEG	" mission to mars " manages to be both stupid and boring at the same time .
NEG	( the middle hour is a non-sensical , pyrotechnic assault on the average primate's brain . )
NEG	little do they know that this cruise ship has become infested by some kind of ocean monster .
NEG	charlie's angels is dumb .
NEG	thurman fails to maintain the character's maniacal sense of style though , and ends up merely sputtering her way through the latter scenes of the film .
POS	( his hero is peter paul rubens , the great flemish painter of the 17th century . )
NEG	screenwriters michael tolkin and bruce joel rubin have crafted a simplistic story that only gets worse with time .
POS	however , if you're just looking for an enjoyable movie and a good time , this is one to see .
NEG	0 = one of the worst films of this or any year .
NEG	of course , the production is no doubt much more superior compared to the earlier 2 movies , one of which was made back in the 1933 and the other in the 1977 , under the title the island of lost souls ( sounds like a much better title . . ) .
POS	they are so amazing that i found it hard sometimes to believe they were indeed fx and la was was not burning to the ground .
POS	the only problem with high fidelity is that it doesn't end when it should have ended .
POS	those individuals enthralled by the written word , and if you are not so inclined it may be wise to knock my above grade down about half a notch .
POS	this true story , briefly mentioned in " the shining " , has no turned into a 143 minutes long motion picture .
NEG	yahoo plays einstein as a naive and unrefined country hick--a clown with an insatiable curiosity .
POS	but margaret's life is about to get a lot more complicated , for alek turns out to be something she never expected .
NEG	to date , the most smoothly done were straightforward " haircuts " of the classic western plot , like the lone gunman who comes to town and protects the widow and the son against an evil organization , usually one in possession of some critical resource , like water , feed range , or a mining claim .
POS	a big surprise to me .
NEG	he may not do it well , it might be sloppy , but it's something you've never seen before .
NEG	and in the end , he failed .
POS	in the same way the word is distorted , so is the past in memories of those who remember it .
POS	the thirteenth floor is a plot driven movie from the time the film gets going , and doesn't use spectacular special effects and big sound to keep the viewer's interests .
POS	plus if you think about it , what planet are you from ?
POS	the legend of star wars starts long ago with the jedi .
NEG	like , drill , darn it , drill ! ! !
POS	* complimentary movie ticket courtesy of valley cinemas in lodi , ca
POS	action and science fiction just don't get any better than this !
NEG	she is convincingly evil and fun to watch , but even her gifted delivery can't save individual scenes that flounder in boredom .
POS	talking of beatty , he's excellent in the role of the demented senator , clearing having fun .
POS	he's dating a hot girl and the coach loves his ass .
NEG	the show gets so big , that the network honchos come onboard , taking it national .
NEG	what does it matter who is guilty of what and why ?
POS	michael shows his leadership again by convincing nick that the only way that steven will survive is if the two friends play against each other , and moreover , they must play with 3 bullets in the gun .
POS	around this , the pixar animators stage several large set pieces , like a resuce mission halfway through that is as wild and entertaining as anything this year , and a wonderfully exciting action piece at the end , a chase scene at night through the labyrinthine branches of a small thicket .
NEG	" love to kill " should be praised for trying to do something different with the well worn crime genre , but it's just too bad that the story doesn't really add up to much .
POS	overall , the truman show is excellent entertainment .
POS	credit the wachowskis for putting together a great story that allows suspense to build , something that few special effects-laden films seem to do these days .
POS	her promiscuous role of jessica is one she has never played before , and she is radiant in her few scenes .
POS	anything that resembles bananas and two balls of icecream .
POS	plot-wise , i liked the beginning of the film , the whole build-up once wahlberg got into the village , the escape and most of the fight scenes , but once things got out into the deserted area ( and the final battle sequence ) , i kinda lost a bit of my interest .
NEG	* * * = entertaining .
NEG	aiding aki and dr . sid are the deep eyes , a group of hard-as-nails types that would have felt at home with the troops in " aliens . "
NEG	anything .
NEG	the writers apparently ran the copier all night stealing scenes from armageddon , lethal weapon ii , all of jackie chan's movies , the great escape , saturday night fever , revenge of the nerds , payback , darkman , dr . no , the matrix ( as mentioned ) , and even tv's friends .
NEG	director barry levinson has churned out a mish-mosh that doesn't engage the audience beyond a few skillful suspense scenes .
NEG	wild wild west's bright spots , such as the cool opening credits sequence , bai ling's all-too-brief appearance as a femme fatale , or the brilliant " his master's voice " joke , are all part of the film's first half , which is more clever and enjoyable , at least , than its second .
POS	the major cast members all deliver strong performances , as can be expected of their caliber .
NEG	soldier is a multi ? crossbreed between the likes of terminator , aliens and offspring .
POS	as african american detective vergil tibbs questions a suspected white murderer inside a jail cell , there is a wonderful , eye-catching shot which instantaneously presents the main message of the entire film .
NEG	not only is the nudity plentiful and graphic in " bully " but there's also an uneasy , exploitative feel to it .
POS	this is clearly a foster movie by one of the great hollywood lights of our generation .
POS	the cinematography is excellent , the cast of characters is broad and has texture , the script is quite good , and the film lets you keep up with what's happening yourself , without spelling it out to you .
NEG	this one doesn't .
NEG	joseph fiennes may just be the worst of fall though .
POS	the only survivor is 12 year old rebecca " newt " jorden ( carrie henn ) .
NEG	" you don't beg , you insist .
NEG	and that is not enough .
NEG	it has to be about telling stories , not marketing them .
POS	and in a scene that drew a big laugh from everyone present when i saw the film , a man tries to achieve closure after a failed relationship by reciting poetry on a bridge and then throwing a typewriter into the creek below .
NEG	and it has will patton as a long lost husband trying to reunite with his separated wife and child , who thinks he's a salesman !
POS	while she does light up the screen , there are moments when she doesn't seem all that convincing .
POS	murnau was reportedly a giant man , well over six feet , a towering figure probably incapable of anything but a grand entrance .
POS	seemingly hundreds of scenes jump on top of each other without giving you a chance to recover from the last one .
POS	and there are several scenes are just amazing .
NEG	there's tom ( christian slater ) , the one- dimensional action hero who works as a security guard driving an armored car full of cash .
NEG	there is zero humor , zero suspense , zero drama and zero action , until the last ten minutes , when the story is needlessly and pointlessly concluded with a violent sequence .
POS	the little mermaid is the best film to come out of the disney's modern animation renaissance , and one of the greatest animated films ever made .
NEG	by robbing billions from his own government and using the funds to out-terrorize terrorists .
NEG	you're watching this guy screw up time after time after time , and somehow , we're supposed to feel sorry or care about this dude .
POS	instead , it was apparent that he was eventually going to see the world differently in the future .
NEG	" getting an audience's attention right from the beginning plays a major role in how today's films work .
POS	a final speech by adams is followed by an anticlimax where subtitles show what eventually happened to the various characters .
NEG	if that's the case , rejoice , because it was twenty years ago today ( or so ) that sgt .
NEG	meanwhile young vivacious betty ( naomi watts ) arrives in hollywood from canada .
NEG	" doctors need nurses .
NEG	we need to be warned about some truly awful films , too .
NEG	the action in hard rain grows tedious through repetition .
POS	taken as a whole , there's little that's special about this tale -- it follows a traditional narrative path , leaves the audience with a warm , fuzzy feeling , and never really challenges or surprises us .
POS	that night he drops the three african-american volunteers at their nightclub , and he decides to go in with them .
POS	fearful that he can't live up to the first , he can't bring himself to finish it .
POS	the key , though , to this film , and the reason it's not just a cool danish import , is because this film is not about revealing the truth as much as it is about the way people react to such an explosive truth .
POS	there is one question to ask in this case : does the film have other virtues that override the existing logical inconsistencies ?
POS	she enrols herself among a few hopefuls , to represent the world when the transport is ready for operation .
POS	but home alone actually has a lot going for it , and the cartoon slapstick doesn't get in the way .
POS	insiders note that he's basing his character on some powerful-but-anonymous producer -- which may or may not be true , but hoffman still exudes the kind of lets-put-on-a-show electricity that you figure a producer needs to have .
POS	they are each seriously lonely and seek the perfect companion to end this loneliness .
NEG	while this is going on , the thug , the father , the boyfriend , and a kid reaching the onset of puberty all have fantasies about the babysitter .
POS	overall , you've got mail is a lush and cute outing , taking advantage of the star appeal of its two leads .
NEG	the jokes are bluer , the script is poorer ( it is the last script written by talbot rothwell ) , but the music is a marked improvement .
NEG	susan granger's review of " america's sweethearts " ( columbia/sony )
NEG	this character is combination of both linda hamilton and arnold schwarznegger from terminator 2 . i can't remember seeing a character quite like her .
POS	involved in these tests is hank marshall ( jones ) , an army colonel who is critical of the above-ground tests that are being done .
POS	there's also a great rap soundtrack with some well chosen tunes .
POS	look for steve buscemi as well as a homeless bum .
POS	the other major compliment that must be given to the film are the nearly flawless performances across the board .
POS	while the animation for the film is , as is typically the case for disney films , unquestionably top-notch , the magic in the little mermaid is not its animation , but the wonderful innocence of its story and its rousingly superb music .
NEG	what isn't forgiveable is actually having humans walk on the surface .
NEG	i even liked the computer-generated settings .
NEG	first and foremost is how cheaply " desperate measures " trades the potential of it's opening scenes for the routine action ballistics of its final hour .
POS	when stephane and camille meet , there is a recognition of a bonding by both individuals .
POS	the special effects are very primitive , placing this production in the realm of low-to-medium-budget television .
NEG	directed by : christian duguay
NEG	there isn't a common theme running through the proceedings , thus the movie seems thoughtfully pointless .
POS	mind you , if you love murder mysteries then tenebrae is still worth a look .
NEG	larson and lebrock fight and torture each other ( the tables get turned a couple of times ) while brolin tramps around in the snow looking for help .
NEG	dave foley isn't given enough to do , as well as " will & grace's " megan mullally who can be funny .
POS	we meet jack ( leonardo dicaprio ) , a young man , who comes from a poor financial background , and wins a ticket aboard the titanic , in a poker game .
POS	i suppose some may see it that way . ?
POS	also entertaining timothy olyphant as the rather sinister drug dealer , who gives an nice evil performance .
NEG	yeah , i didn't know that was a real job either .
POS	even if " gattaca " were dramatically empty , it would still boast a sublime set of production credentials -- the film's look is dazzling without ever being flashy .
NEG	either way , little originality , very obvious computer effects , little thrills , little drama and very little entertainment value , certainly bestow the honor of one of the worst movies of the summer upon this film .
NEG	their proliferation may be due in part to the fact that they're typically inexpensive to produce ( no special effects , no big name stars ) and serve as vehicles to flash nudity ( allowing them to frequent late-night cable television ) .
NEG	well , because they have to .
POS	is further chagrinned to discover that the two women are his cousin and aunt , respectively .
POS	there's more to realistic makeup than slapping on a latex mask .
NEG	they should know that the way for a film to create a really creepy sociopath is cast someone who generally plays mild , sympathetic , or even ineffectual character roles .
NEG	never mind that it should never have been made at all .
POS	as opposed to the moronic " armageddon " , " last night " treats the subject at hand with maturity and believabilty .
POS	he is simply trying to tame it .
POS	he is hit hard with questions about his voting record .
POS	if you want some hearty laughs , then rat race is the movie for you .
NEG	in star wars , the rebels were the good guys .
NEG	the play describes the film's opening scene during tense exchanges that makes one wonder about the veracity of both accusation and reply , and this adds to the play's charged atmosphere .
NEG	some of them are believable and some unbelievable . . . for
POS	feels most hollywood-conventional , attempting to blind-side the audience with a truckload of emotional catharsis .
NEG	this isn't in itself a problem -- the problem is that up until that point , we've been given nothing to work with .
NEG	the characters also make incredibly dumb moves , especially paltrow , and stephen appears to lose all intelligence in the last reel .
POS	? 1999 eugene novikov&#137 ;
NEG	but even the masterful sidney would not have been able to make one tough cop into a good film .
POS	jon bennet ( played by andrew howard ) is an extremely good assassin .
NEG	as to the actual casting for the movie , finally there is nothing to complain about .
NEG	there are some serious problems in louis mellis's and david scinto's script that should have been caught before filming .
POS	those who had problems with his physical appearance will be able to join the rest of us in laughing at allen's intelligent observations of life .
NEG	[theater rating : * * * 1/2 : very good sound , picture , and seats]
NEG	save her from those damn devil worshippers !
NEG	he's the man responsible for classic political thrillers like the manchurian candidate and seven days in may .
NEG	those of you who frequent one of the greatest sites on the world wide web , the internet movie database , are probably aware of the section for movies entitled " goofs " .
POS	upon discovering his identity , the rebel soldiers decide to ransom him for $6 million .
NEG	a sequel is never as good as the original .
NEG	" p " .
POS	the key to success , however , was that the visuals were used not just because they looked cool but also as a method of advancing the plot .
POS	water imagery is constant ( an early shot of weirdly rushing green is revealed to be a young boy cleaning out an aquarium ) .
NEG	to pull one of the actors in this film randomly out of a hat , paul reubens , who disappeared from acting to everyone's joy , returns here leaving very little to be impressed about .
POS	making his directorial debut , actor jon favreau brings along his swingers co-star , vince vaughn , for this tale of two mugs on a career trajectory to nowheresville .
POS	reynolds wants a new communications act passed to allow the government free reign in the use of surveilance equipment , but the senator plans to bury the bill in committee .
POS	however , his reporting has grabbed the attention of nina ( marisa tomei ) and her children's aid group that helps to find homes for the yugoslavian orphans .
NEG	like duvall , he just seems to be in the film for the money .
NEG	once they reach space , we experience sequence after sequence of something going wrong-perhaps the fact that they sent a bunch of nincompoops into outer space has something to do with it ; i cannot count the number of times they almost fail the mission on all my fingers and toes .
POS	i am nearly positive everyone should enjoy this film , especially if you are into an action-thriller with witty dialogue and numerous suspenseful situations .
POS	in gridlock'd , an oddly effective combination of gritty drama and social satire , shakur and his co-star tim roth take sketchy characters and make them exciting to watch through the pure energy of their talent and chemistry .
POS	the men are eventually captured and held in a floating prison on a river .
NEG	either there was some serious last-minute editing or someone left out a few pages of the script .
NEG	a battle breaks out between the bodyguards of the club and kai , who handily kicks and punches his opponents down .
NEG	rated r , watchers reborn contains dozens of blood-spattered bodies and unconvincing gore .
NEG	he wrote the ( ha ha ! )
NEG	but it wouldn't just be your average jail , not even a maximum security installation .
NEG	if lena headey were a stronger actress , perhaps aberdeen could have been able to coast on the performances and moody , haunting cinematography ( rendering norway into its own pastoral ghost world -- the reference to a certain superior american indie flick intentional ) .
POS	blanchett deserves an oscar for her performance as elizabeth .
POS	helen ( weaver ) , after a traumatic near death encounter with a serial killer , darryl ( harry connick jr . ) , has developed a phobia for being outdoors , so to speak .
NEG	that's my favorite vodka , by the way ) , hence the line " now it's time to take a look at your volvo , " another nasty but unamusing joke , except this one goes right over the ten year olds' heads , while the adults simultaneously groan .
POS	in the hands of a master like altman , it becomes an exercise in existential doom , in its own way far more successful than scorsese's cape fear remake , which tried for the same result .
POS	ending evil dead ii with an opening for the third film in the series , raimi obviously had a lot of fun making this movie and couldn't wait to make it's sequel .
NEG	but it's also empty , pretentious and boring .
POS	voices . . . . . trey parker , matt stone , george clooney , minnie driver .
NEG	what's good about it :
NEG	then there's this subplot about a maniac who torches token book clerks , * and * a love story , * and * a holdup -- no , two holdups , sorry , easy to lose track in a movie this braindead -- * and * a mob boss who wants his money .
NEG	.
POS	however , there's a sore lack of it , which is about the only thing wrong with the big hit .
NEG	and no , i really don't feel guilty about wishing this movie death at the box-office .
NEG	since driver has managed to work well in romantic roles before , i blame duchovny .
NEG	i believe hichock once said that " it's better to wait for a climax , than to see one " .
NEG	i almost wish that instead of making this movie , john bruno had gone cinema verite and captured the meetings with universal heads when they gave this film a green light .
POS	whereas his roles in his previous films kind of had sandler playing sandler , the wedding singer gives him a character that , for the first time , he actually has to fit into .
POS	political art sometimes succumbs to the temptation to start shouting slogans , kundun does not : it succeeds in delivering its message in an artistically interesting way and without being overly manipulative .
POS	i saw it when i was 13 years old , and i must admit that i didn't like it .
POS	cameron is a whiz with effects ( just watch aliens ( 1988 ) , terminator 2 and true lies , 1994 ) and they are used very well throughout .
POS	the only problem is how some of the minor characters are handled , some being there only for a laugh , which sometimes works , sometimes doesn't .
NEG	people who read many of his books , however , often complain of repetitive plot devices .
NEG	" army of darkness " , one of his best movies , features some of the most inventive camera work i have ever seen , but raimi never lets the special effects get in the way of story .
NEG	a similar scene played very well in the original international man of mystery , but here i was insulted by it .
POS	in " the big lebowski , " their first cinematic offering since the multiple academy award-winning " fargo , " the action takes place in los angeles during the gulf war , and the hero of the story is jeff lebowski , aka the dude .
NEG	yes , in terms of acting , the star power is .
POS	i expected to like it more than any episode i've seen , and my expectations were met .
NEG	1 corinthians 9 : 24 [kjv]
POS	suo crams a lot of exposition into very little time , including an unnecessarily detailed back-story for mai , resulting in a sluggish march towards the resolution .
POS	it's all : " what do i love ?
POS	we , the viewer , are familiar with the two lead characters and the already-existing chemistry that chan and tucker developed so well the first time around .
POS	but perhaps the stendhal syndrome's single most striking element is ennio morricone's soundtrack .
NEG	it's the romantic equivalent of all those horror films where someone gets a transplant from a serial killer and then is driven to slaughter people .
NEG	it happens in every romance : the man and woman have to meet each other for the first time in some unconventional , cinematic way .
NEG	much like adding frosting to already frosted cake .
POS	nevertheless , this is one film that deserves its place in time , cinema history , and our hearts .
NEG	watchers reborn , after all , is based on that cool book dean koontz wrote a decade ago .
POS	the characters are also nicely realized - though watered-down for broad consumption , they still carry more wit than the contemporary disney animated films .
POS	this is not clear to lucas , however .
NEG	the following morning po sing is found dead .
POS	admittedly , blade is style over substance through and through .
POS	" the untouchables " has some of the hippest , bravest heroes in any action film .
NEG	we start off in a high-class california high school where every student resembles a supermodel in the making .
POS	starring charlize theron , bill paxton , david paymer
NEG	peter coyote as a man dying of cancer is refreshing because he seems like a real person .
POS	this was a mass market romantic comedy , after all , a genre which has been taken over by teenagers and , even in its best days , worked hard to perpetuate the romance = infatuation paradigm .
POS	the most popular and original of them all has been the matrix .
POS	the more you pay attention to it , the more rewarding it is .
NEG	it's an unfortunate trend , this : once-talented directors throwing in the towel and lending their names to unchallenging horror flicks like " species ii . "
NEG	watch pro wrestling with the sound off .
POS	every once in a while , a film comes along with the kind of energetic filmmaking that matches the intensity of its characters it hopes to depict .
NEG	tom green cowrites ( with " tom green show " scribe derek harvie ) , directs and stars in what is essentially tom green's primal scream .
POS	the shoot 'em upending , while emotionally satisfying seems tacked on to be just that rather than to provide a powerful resolution .
POS	flynt is not only childish in the courtroom , but downright rude to the judges , and lands himself in a lot of trouble ( and even in a mental institution ) because of it .
NEG	whatever david lynch is selling , i'm not buying .
NEG	you could randomly select a movie out of the horror section of you local video store and probably luck into something just as good if not better .
POS	it couldn't have been the directing , because both films were helmed by the same woman .
NEG	he actually thinks wrestling fans are dumb enough to believe this is meant to be taken seriously .
POS	the story of us is about their entire 15 years of marriage that is collapsing day by day .
NEG	this is not to say that topless women talk about their lives is not a good film .
NEG	townsfolk who are foolish enough to challenge seagal are quickly subdued .
POS	the contrast is amazing , showing how a cult persona can convince anyone that any idea is the next big thing .
NEG	a folk tale ?
POS	the film interweaves three stories that , at first , seem to be nothing alike but later prove to be very critical to each other .
POS	" sparticus . "
NEG	for " original sin , " the road to the screen has been rocky .
POS	this means that nello and patrasche have to starve and walk out in the cold , freezing wind .
NEG	it is certainly a date film .
NEG	the movie depicts beck's investigation so clumsily that you never see the connections between his clues and his conclusions .
NEG	there is a split-screen chase scene that looks pretty good , and it's followed by a god's eye view of a bank of hotel rooms that's imaginitively done .
POS	connie , his next door neighbor , finally gets through to him with friendly favors .
POS	it makes me wonder what , exactly , tony kaye disliked about the final version of his film .
NEG	once every 5 , 000 years , the planets align .
POS	as with a stage play , what this film centers on the dialog , and that is intriguing .
POS	after the murder , however , his dreams are put at risk due to one of vincent's eyelashes left at the scene of the crime .
POS	sutherland played the role as a true veteran .
POS	the truman show derives much of its success from playing to our own secret paranoid fantasies - haven't we all , at least once , doubted our place in the world , doubted the sincerity of those closest to us ?
POS	with 11 days to go until the election , the president ( who we never see ) calls in political dirty-tricks artist robert deniro to distract attention from a burgeoning sex scandal .
POS	her car was stolen by her schizophrenic father dixon ( robert duvall ) , a ted kyzynski-style whacko who has been stalking and terrorizing his own daughter .
NEG	you can take that as a solid lack of recommendation .
POS	remarkably it serves a double purpose .
NEG	we get the requisite electro-green through-the-sight view .
NEG	ironically , there is awfully little swordplay or action in the film at all -- maybe ten minutes of swashbuckling spread over five scenes .
NEG	.
POS	definitely a generation-x aimed movie , a life less ordinary has everything from claymation to profane angels to a karaoke-based musical dream sequence .
NEG	shane , in this incarnation , is sanitized to the point of blandness , an idealistic do-gooder who pines for a frequent guest at the club , julie black ( campbell ) , a worldly soap star with , yes , a heart of gold .
NEG	obviously our hero is still alive .
POS	when mikey delivers these words to a bored science class , it is unlikely that anyone realizes how much they parallel mikey's life and the lives that surround him .
NEG	steve buscemi pops up in a funny cameo , and his scenes are pretty funny .
NEG	if the film wasn't terrible enough , monica and cliff act on their attraction for each other and become lovers .
NEG	she later meets him as her hubby's new upstart publisher who seeks to have her intellectual author husband in his stable in order to give him credibility as a publisher of quality , and he quickly wins favor with her by publishing her vanity novel .
NEG	that is especially the case in lawrence's darnell wright .
NEG	when the first crew meets with disaster , a rescue mission is sent to the red planet .
POS	are there any unwritten laws an ethical movie critic would or should follow ?
NEG	it's a slobbering psychopath , of course , but this time there's a twist .
NEG	i personally would have gotten a wrestler to play king ) , he ends up getting screwed over by evil promoter titus sinclair ( a wasted palitaliano , in a role originally meant for real-life wcw president eric bischoff before he was fired and rehired six months later , and if anyone reads this who knows bischoff , they will agree with me that the role of sinclair had his name written all over it ) , they embark on a quest to find him and help him get his title back .
NEG	he works late , defends the guilty , pledges his soul to his firm , and begins to neglect his smart but fretful wife , mary ann ( charlize theron ) .
POS	the four members were the only ones willing to go against capone's army .
NEG	joe ( matthew modine ) is a struggling actor , or he claims to be one , even though he has no credits under his belt .
NEG	? 1999 eugene novikov&#137 ;
POS	i'm not saying they're all equally great , because the love story really carries the film , but at least they all work out respectively .
POS	superb acting . , wonderful storytelling and one of the best climaxing gunfights ever .
NEG	the peformances are o . k , if slightly below average .
POS	.
NEG	after taking a try at one of antoine's clients and earning $10 , deuce decides to prostitute himself to raise the money to replace the fish tank before the fiery-tempered antoine returns .
NEG	but the contest doesn't end there , guys and gals .
NEG	drew barrymore is a copy editor at the chicago sun times who gets her big break as a reporter , only it's very clear from the onset that she lacks the toughness and the pushy extravertedness that marks the best of reporters .
NEG	too long .
NEG	it is simply a movie which tries again and again to make the viewers feel sick to their stomach at the site of extreme gore .
NEG	furthermore , it's even more curious that this film is rated pg , which , by definition , rules out any sex or explicit violence .
POS	so-so acting , expected in most of your average action film .
POS	grasp them and help fill voids in their social lives .
NEG	he talks tough with his brother's wife , lends a helping had to his brother's daughter doreen ( rachel leigh cook ) , and walks around seattle in the pouring rain dressed like a lost member of the rat pack with a really bad goatee .
NEG	most of the time hutton looks as if he's searching for his character and coming up empty .
NEG	this uninviting picture , full of pretentious minor characters , has a receptionist that reads dostoevski and a woman in the restroom line who is a certified genius , having recently been awarded a prestigious mcarthur grant .
NEG	too bad his minutes onscreen are so few .
POS	" permanent midnight " is based on the true life experiences of jerry stahl , a successful hollywood writer who , in the mid-eighties , had a $5 , 000-a-week job churning out plotlines for disposable tv sitcoms and a $6 , 000-a-week heroin habit .
NEG	no one who loathed the rock for its swear-grunt-blast repetitiveness will be converted by con air ; no one who loved the rock for exactly the same reasons will be dissuaded .
NEG	the studio's recreation is amazingly accurate , though , and very impressive , but his direction is never captivating enough .
NEG	the very first thing i'd do in this perfect world , would be to take every hollywood producer who thinks that setting any story in contemporary america with a 20-something cast playing teenagers and featuring a soundtrack ripped directly from mtv , and throw them in jail .
POS	the clothes really do look like what people wore in the seventies and eighties .
NEG	starship troopers is a bad movie .
NEG	( if your answer is no , then you recall rustler's rhapsody or back to the future part iii ; if your answer is yes , you're thinking of blazing saddles , but that movie was a parody of the western genre , not a nineteenth century romp . )
POS	waiting at the train station near the beginning of fury , joe says : `after all , we're human . '
NEG	fourth-graders may appreciate this , but more learned viewers will have their intelligence insulted .
NEG	for folks like myself who loved the first movie and enjoy the games , i give this a 5 .
POS	" moulin rouge " is the kind of creation that sends critics scurrying off to the big tub o' adjectives in search of proper words to describe the experience .
NEG	the story is beyond routine , the script is embarrassing ( at one point , this jumbo jet is flying completely upside down ) , the characters are worthless , and the performances are annoying .
POS	it angered people , started arguments outside the theater , riled things up .
NEG	in order to help her recover , bosses give her rather easy task of locating missing jeweller who belonged to hassidic jew community .
NEG	one question though . . .
NEG	and its release last year came at a time when senator bob dole and other politicans chastised the entertainment industry for promoting sex and violence .
POS	try to imagine a toned-downed version of travis bickle who , this time around , is a jittery guy with knowledge of government conspiracy cover-ups .
NEG	a lot of psychobabble is thrown around about multiple personality disorder , but the movie asks its audience not to derive the obvious conclusion between mpd and sarah , and instead offers several male characters as red herrings .
POS	it's all fairly sickening and you have to have a healthy stomach to see the whole movie through .
POS	near the end of frank capra's holiday classic , its a wonderful life , george bailey ( jimmy stewart ) is feeling down .
NEG	after the first fifteen minutes , it quickly becomes apparent that it is not .
NEG	it was quite surreal .
POS	mind you , most people ( including yours truly ) who will see this movie will not have seen any episodes from the original series .
NEG	that's what makes his failure here so remarkable .
POS	patlabor's near-future setting is , aside from the giant robots tromping around , very similar to our own present day .
POS	first , rudy's time is split juggling three cases , rather than concentrating on a single high-stakes case .
NEG	diane venora's russian character is almost as bad , with a cigarette perpetually in her mouth , and a plastered on expressionless facade .
POS	fingal first creates a virtual reality fantasy world , then finds there's no better way to hack the system than from the inside .
NEG	it has as much chance of making the movie hall of fame as the dodgers have of moving back to brooklyn .
POS	with the same award-winning formula that was used by quentin tarantino in reservoir dogs and pulp fiction , romeo & juliet is a sure fire modern masterpiece .
POS	he doesn't sleep , he doesn't eat , and he gets punched out at work when he sings " love stinks " at a wedding .
POS	here , very little is left to our imagination and the story is so complex and " clever " that the screenwriters are the first to get lost in it .
NEG	the additions mainly consist of scene extensions which don't add much of note , except for a few moments which lengthen peter o'toole's screen time ( particularly during his latter appearances ) .
POS	period .
NEG	( it was over ) .
NEG	demarkov , played by lena olin , is a tough but tremendously sexy woman with seemingly no problems maneuvering within the mob world .
NEG	it was clear to me that the film would be an obvious chunk of plagiarized nonsense , owing everything it is to stephen frears' 1988 masterpiece .
POS	why it doesn't kill her is a shocker , which later leads to a surprise ending .
NEG	it's unbelievable that his lover ( well , probably not a lover -- after all this is disney ) starts dating croft after the aborted wedding .
NEG	earlier this year , nora ephron wrote and produced one of the year's least likeable " comedies " called hanging up , featuring a bunch of annoying women ( ironically , lisa kudrow played one in that film as well ) who barely have time to care about anyone but themselves .
POS	chicken wings , appropriately enough .
POS	but despite the use of numerous flashbacks to help put the pieces of this personal puzzle together , we never learn enough about the man to feel much empathy for him .
NEG	they didn't much like each other at first ; eventually , they started to respect one another .
NEG	it is not the worst of its type , but it is far from one of the best , and when exactly are studios going to give up recycling such shameless and overdone plot gimmicks such as this ?
NEG	antonio overacts nicely and the two kids ( lana and danny ) are funny .
NEG	it stop ! !
NEG	devil in a blue dress =====================
POS	here he really proves his worth as one of the best character actors in the industry .
POS	for a brisk romantic comedy , forces of nature comes loaded with some of the most over-directed scenes of the year : teetering hand-held shots , why-not low or high angles , sweeping pans .
POS	the unique relationship between dr evil and his son scott www . com . zip , that says a lot about our relationship with our children nowadays .
POS	while journeying through the desert their car breaks down and , left helpless and stranded , jeff waves down a passing truck driver ( j . t .
NEG	there's william h . macy as the mild-mannered shoveler , hank azaria as the cutlery-flinging blue raja ( no knives , but a phony english accent that's just as sharp ) , ben stiller as mr . furious ( whose only power seems to be his ability to get hot under the collar ) , janeane garofalo as a crazed bowler with her father's skull interestingly preserved , wes studi as a rhetoric-spouting cowled avenger , and kel mitchell as the token ( and , adding insult to injury , invisible ! )
POS	when you do , a secret menu opens , allowing you to watch any of the three endings by themselves . )
POS	a horrific long take that shows the bus sliding , then stopping , then collapsing into a frozen lake , is the best digital trickery in any movie this year and , perhaps , ever , in a motion picture .
POS	of course , the ship sinking scenes are awesome , with bodies flying all over the place , and the scene where the ship splits in half has to be seen to be believed .
NEG	in order for studios to survive , they have to make money .
POS	he chooses for his setting the quaint town of gravestown , maine - leaves turn bright orange in the fall , the grass is a lush green , pure white snow falls in the winter , and the sky goes on forever .
NEG	they're all pointless gimmicks though , such as shots of the inner-workings of a knock off running shoe .
NEG	however , this all looks positively inspired when compared to the first appearance of the evil alien goo which ultimately infests patrick ; watching as it slinks around the command module of the spaceship , any question as to whether or not this is a cheesy b-movie is quickly answered .
NEG	then we get to see the plan in action , in some sequence utterly lacking suspense .
NEG	fearing jail time and possible manslaughter charges if they confess , they instead decide to dump the body into the ocean and make a pact never to discuss the episode again .
NEG	the girls accidentlly open the box ( big surprise , huh ! ) and release an evil spirit of a killer that kills the girls off one by one ( betcha didn't see that one coming ! ) .
POS	sandler captures the forlorn sleepwalking look of a jilted man , struck with an unattainable love .
NEG	. . .
NEG	on the other hand , film is steadily directed by dick lowry , and rod steiger does good job potraying gordon kahl .
NEG	singer lopez seems to think she's in a video as well ; she devotes more time to posing in elaborate costumes than she does to acting .
NEG	i love uma thurman .
POS	no matter what political spin you put on the story , the movie is an outstanding one .
NEG	you'd like it to be . )
POS	suddenly finding himself facing the possiblity of losing custody of his son , he goes on to concoct an enterprising wild-idea to get the money he desperately requires .
NEG	see ?
NEG	different to the original movie .
NEG	it stars bruce willis , who has a hundred one-liners !
POS	but there must be something other than the casting and manipulation that makes the movie work as well as it does , because i absolutely hated the previous ryan/hanks teaming , sleepless in seattle .
POS	joan sims stands out as the demanding mother-in-law , bernard bresslaw and patsy rowlands work well together as husband and wife , and carol hawkins and sherrie hewson are a welcome addition to the cast .
POS	the role calls for an extremely wide range of emotions none the least of which is simply playing a mother beset with a multitude of domestic responsibilities .
POS	as they walk down the streets they are observed and feared by citizens .
POS	the only problem with the acting is eric roberts .
POS	film also lacks proper closure .
POS	when his partner is murdered on the day of his resignation , bud sets out to find the people responsible but unwittingly delved himself into something more than just a simple robbery murder .
POS	taylor's teenage-david is the more sympathy producing role .
POS	i suppose the strengths behind `sleepy hollow' lie within the central trio : director burton , constable depp and the headless horseman who hunts him down with ruthless accuracy .
NEG	perhaps this may be best compared to a john grisham novel , as a dear friend of mine often does compare things to his work .
NEG	she's a pretty face and nothing more .
POS	like dotty doting parents , mike never leaves their company without being the recipient of their confidence cheerleading ( " you're money , mike , and the honeys know it . " ) or equipped with their eccentric dating philosophies , such as an analogy of flirting with the bear and the bunny .
POS	russo screams during her delivery , the crime lord has a few funny bits when he's being interrogated while being given laughing gas , and pesci and rock are very funny as they go at it discussing the drawbacks of having cellular phones .
NEG	at the start of the picture , the villagers go under attack by a second alien species , known as the son'a , who want to push all of the ba'ku out so that their own race will not die out .
POS	doubtfire as little more than tootsie warmed over , and it's true that there are both broad themes and specific details in common .
NEG	i've weasted enough time on this piece of tripe .
POS	everything parallels everything else .
POS	this is destined to be one of those films that everybody likes , including those who hate martial arts movies .
POS	the force of what is seen , though filmed in an objective manner , never taking a cheap shot at the hasidim , is nevertheless bound to leave questions about the nature of such a practice of strict observance .
NEG	the film also features an extremely annoying character by way of the " new-improved " miriam , voiced by the ever-antsy sandra bullock , even though the most irritating thing about her is her tendency to burst into song for no apparent reason ( here bullock is replaced by a singing voice ) .
POS	julia roberts , in her breakthrough role after 1988's well-received " mistic pizza " and 1989's " steel magnolia , " for which she was nominated for an academy award , is radiant and funny as the wordly vivian , who surprisingly could be a role model for impressionistic viewers , not for her line of work , but more for her sheer intelligence .
POS	in this storm are two sane individuals .
POS	eventually , it is concluded that information in the signal may be blueprints for a transportation device used to teleport an earthling to vega ( where the signal seems to have originated ) .
NEG	there's a few 'nudge nudge' references from the first film , but apart from that , nothing .
POS	at this point , the differences in the american version and the international version really kick in .
POS	only when the final secret is revealed do you realize that shyamalan has been hinting at it throughout the movie .
POS	most movies would have a character reversing all of his beliefs and influences in a matter of minutes .
NEG	and now , once again , in this mgm/ua film , that fact is conspicuously absent from his press kit bio .
NEG	no wrestling fan actually enjoys characters like that in this day and age , we want bad asses today !
POS	the thing is , i'm not really sure what made this particular stab ( pardon the pun ) at the genre seem so fresh and alive .
POS	oprah winfrey is sethe , a slave who escaped a kentucky plantation and took her children to an ohio farmhouse , where she hoped the terror would end .
NEG	after charlie is killed in a shoot-out , tom hides the money , then runs .
POS	the partnership between sommer and williams is very effective and amusing .
POS	eugene , thus , is loathed and feared by his co-workers , who do their best to stay out of his way .
NEG	when did character driven stories stop paying attention to the complexities of real life ?
NEG	but the other side fades into the darkness , a sort of metaphor for the half-world these characters in-habit .
POS	it is a frightening reality ; the fact that all the people in the simulation ( the program links ) are living out their lives , oblivious , not knowing that they are puppets in someone's fantasy .
POS	two factors combine to make this movie less heavy than it can be .
NEG	in spite of the provocative title , the story is cliched and overly familiar .
POS	in order to do that , he must eliminate not only the queen ( anne bancroft ) , but the weakest of the colony , namely the worker ants .
POS	the gardener wonders whether , after his death , anyone will be interested in maintaining the garden that he's devoted half his life to tending .
NEG	it never does explain why his character has such superb martial arts skills . . . perhaps he was in the same cooking class as steven seagal in under siege ?
NEG	there's a world of difference between artists and technicians .
POS	the balance of horror and humour is just about perfect , a marked contrast to the earlier remake from 1988 .
POS	chad is the blond golden boy , genetically engineered for success , the natural charmer who seems to glide effortlessly up the corporate ladder .
POS	as for wahlberg , consider what burton does with his character .
POS	and , although it is sometimes hard to take a detective called " zero " seriously , it is at this moment that the viewer understands the meaning behind the name .
POS	the mole rat specialist is delighted to catalog the ways in which these vermin animals behave like insects , and notes that they may be more suited to long-term survival than people .
POS	after he refuses to make love , she decides to find someone else to play the role of sperm donor .
POS	anderson has the talent to make the audience sympathetic towards numerous people in only a few hours .
NEG	but i can't forget mr . phillippe , who continues to exceed my expectations with his impenetrable , invulnerable blandness .
NEG	he is living happily in england , enjoying the benefits of being a land-owning noble .
NEG	they're these octopus men , boring freaking octopus men .
NEG	far too annoying far too often .
NEG	he picks things up and stares at them pensively .
POS	this excellent movie poses another prob-lem : what genre is it ?
POS	it was a romance told with such endearing simplicity , tenderness , and love ( from director bonnie hunt ) that it couldn't help but sparkle with charm despite its shortcomings .
NEG	i hardly recognized him in " metro , " and it was quite a joy to be able to see him in a role like this i feel that i respect him more .
NEG	this tacked-on " romance " would have been slightly less tedious if either campbell or phillippe made some connection with each other or the audience .
POS	the 1968 " apes " boasted a handful of great scenes , cool looking monkeys , a deliciously hammy performance by charlton heston ( who appears uncredited here as an aged chimp on his deathbed , re-delivering a classic line ) and a killer ending .
NEG	for its first hour , the movie presents evidence that any of these three men could be the perpetrator , so we're given little insight into who they are , likely for fear that we'll learn too much too fast and therefore be able to make the proper deduction .
NEG	eric bischoff is trying to make vince mcmahon look bad with the character of titus sinclair , but any wrestling fan knows titus is more like bischoff than mcmahon , and that vince did what he had to do to bret hart .
NEG	information on the characters is literally spoon-fed to the audience ( would it be that hard to show us instead of telling us ? ) , dialogue is poorly written , and the plot is extremely predictable .
NEG	the film opens by introducing us to a gang of bad guys on board a mercenary ship .
NEG	attempts at character interaction and development are rare and forced .
POS	however , there are only a few spots in the film that seem bare , and they pass quickly .
POS	now the two men are demanding they get the cash , or they will come after ulee's two granddaughters .
POS	this film is filled with many little scenes which are absolute gems .
POS	with an appealing ( " blade runner " - type ) of detective story , this film presents the beauty and possibilities of virtual reality and the lurking danger that is always present .
NEG	his concern that the war between his and the chinese family may explode and ruin his plans to move out of the business of corruption and into a legitimate venture .
NEG	its script was handled by not one but five screenwriters , and it really shows during the awkward transitions between scenes .
NEG	this one isn't an exception , but similarities with british television are only in content .
POS	hurley also heightens the humor quotient , especially in the transitional scenes when fraser waits to start his next wish after bailing out of the previous one .
NEG	hong kong cinema has been going through a bad spell .
POS	best air force , navy and marine pilots are recruited into program , but not yeager , because he lacks college education and desired all-american image .
NEG	the thug , in the meantime , proves that he's evil through his annoying habit of smashing half-empty beer bottles all of a sudden and for no apparent reason .
NEG	this is evident of a " spartacus complex " , and this example applies both historically and cinematically .
POS	and there is energy throughout , with lots of bright colors , and scenes which are cinematically entertaning , as well as enriching and deep , such as the balcony scene where she sings " don't cry for me , argentina , " and her death sequence , which is poignant becuase of how sad it is .
NEG	then there's the ridiculousness of the many cops who actually shoot at fleeing cars .
NEG	we learn some fascinating tidbits on the track , most notably the " almost " appearance in the film by christopher reeve .
POS	make sense ?
POS	like black's previous work , such as lethal weapon and the last boy scout , the script juggles some impressive action scenes with funny , quirky dialogue .
POS	he's not an actor with a great range , but in the right roles he has great depth .
POS	juan , who is pretty underwritten in the musical , is given some extra scenes , and exposed as what he was for eva : an accessory .
POS	geoffrey was likened to a hideous monster , alex vine was likened to his last name , the one who holds fast to the ground ensuring that the plant has stability , while lillian was likened to the muse of poetry and art , the inspiration for goodness and beauty .
POS	everyone in minnesota speaks in an annoying whining accent that would drive you crazy .
POS	but he truly loves his son , and wants to see him succeed the only way he knows how .
NEG	but the ilm special effects can't save the movie .
POS	inheriting the mantle from last year's " winner , " matthew mcconaughey , is matt damon , and , like mcconaughey , he proves to be more than just a fresh young face , as evidenced in two radically different projects currently in release--john grisham's the rainmaker and good will hunting .
POS	if there was a part of you that was hesitating seeing dante's peak merely because it was rumored to be a waste of time , i urge you to watch it and decide for yourself .
NEG	i'm not just talking about willard and rusty , who were extremely annoying , i'm also talking about the cops in this film .
POS	regardless of how veiled - or how sordid - the presence of a gay or lesbian person allows others to lessen their sense of isolation and makes them feel as if they're not quite so invisible as america seems to want them to be .
NEG	they should save the commercials for those insipid bits before the film .
NEG	battle scenes are worthless without tension , and since we have no idea what the setting is it's impossible to care about anything that happens .
NEG	i believe hichock once said that " it's !
NEG	i suppose there's some amusement viewers could derive from the ridiculous premise , if they were that desperate .
NEG	you would never guess this from watching dead-bang , however , since the film totally lacks credibility ; it is utterly unconvincing and unbelievable .
NEG	why any person would think of such a thing is beyond me , but things do get worse .
POS	but the film is stolen by elias kosteas who plays his character so intensely that he almost upstages everyone .
NEG	gosh , and the director has vanished with the film , holding the only print hostage .
NEG	it's a mess .
POS	the two of them are immediately attracted to one another , and it doesn't take long before they're lounging together , naked , in her pool .
POS	part of that is just being biased as i usually enjoy anything that tommy lee jones appears in .
NEG	nobody . "
POS	just watching richard use his keen intelligence and wits , disguising himself , and doing his own detective work is very interesting .
NEG	on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " america's sweethearts " is a contrived , shallow 4 . as a screwball satire , it's strictly superficial .
POS	every single scene in the movie goes on about 3-4 minutes too long .
NEG	meanwhile , chief foreman sid plummer ( sid james ) is growing tired of his wife beattie ( hattie jacques ) and her budgie .
POS	directed by ron clements and john musker , with voice credits including tate donovan , susan egan , bob goldthwait , matt frewer , samantha eggar , paul shaffer , and , as lighting bolt zeus , rip torn , who's having a very good summer , also appearing in trial and error and men in black .
POS	wayne is uncomfortable with the situation , but helps out nonetheless .
NEG	at times , the events border on the ridiculous , like the screening of the film , but they still seem in keeping with the characters and their lives .
POS	it is , however , an expectation which has been built by disney's own formulaic history , and some viewers may feel as if something is missing .
POS	geoffrey is already suspicious of alex and considers him an enemy , and the marriage seems to be coming apart and all his cunning tricks to possess her are no longer working , as it is now impossible to see any good in him and there becomes no reason why she would remain with him .
NEG	because he's all but eliminated crime , amazing's endorsement deals are falling through .
NEG	there is a moment or two of genuine horror , but unfortunately williamson and rodriguez did not take the story far enough in the sci-fi direction to make any use of it .
NEG	white is being returned to for children's films .
NEG	and it is done so good in this film , i was reminded of " speed , " and the speeding bus that couldn t go under fifty mile per hour for very significant reasons .
NEG	they play opposing mayoral candidates in 1948 los angeles and neither actor commands enough authority to stifle giggles .
POS	his mother drives from their idyllic , lakeside community of tahoe city , california to the sprawling urban metropolis of reno , nevada , with its imposing concrete superstructures and seedy neon-lit nightclubs , to confront the 30-something man who has befriended beau .
NEG	at one point , my son looked around the audience and asked " why are these people laughing ? "
NEG	edward norton is an insomniac trying to enlighten his dull life by going to a variety of disease therapy sessions , until he meets marla ( helena bonham carter ) .
POS	as bride and groom , molly ringwald and dylan walsh are the pivotal characters in the film , but they are by far the least interesting .
POS	one thing i found interesting in summer of sam was the use of sex .
NEG	this is basically a conventional thriller told in a pretentiously bizarre fashion .
NEG	much of the blame can be placed on leder directly , because the pace is disastrously off .
POS	you need an actor less slow and less reliant on moving his hands to act , and who's also british , like mcgann is as the doctor .
NEG	the creatures would probably have been more believable had they been men in wolf suits .
NEG	there are different styles of pimping , but the film mentions them only as being " macks " and " players " or " real pimps " and " perpetrator pimps , " but no further clarity is attempted .
NEG	it's too tempting to let go , even if the script is mush .
NEG	quick cuts and pretty sunrises can't even begin to cover up this movie's flaws .
POS	but election is far different .
POS	sadly , though , the film is practically over when the film is in full steam .
POS	`sleepy hollow' is a lavish , frightening and altogether amusing reworking of a classic tale that many people cherished as children .
POS	walsh ( in his latest and final posthumous performance ) .
POS	that's why pictures like october sky , which are a throwback to the good ol' dramas of yesteryear , are such a welcome relief in contemporary cinema .
NEG	it is rated pg for violence and profanity and would be acceptable for kids around ten and up .
NEG	it's mostly just a big trick to rope viewers into " feeling " for the characters , but it didn't work for me .
POS	with smart dialogue , good characters , and an excellent cast , out of sight easily smoothes over the rough spots in the plot and delivers on both the action and romantic fronts .
NEG	its more like a futile commercial film that is more annoying than charming and more dull than chic , as it searches for box office heaven .
NEG	she invents a fiance !
NEG	that is why the melodramatic turn of events comes as such a shock .
NEG	the film is 157 minutes and is an extremely demanding film for the audience .
POS	it's obvious he truly loves titanic .
POS	are history and culture falling by the wayside like the old buildings that are being torn down and replaced with new ?
NEG	how can you go wrong with the star from that acknowledged classic , body of evidence ?
NEG	neither woody nor wesley play characters that are interesting for a single minute .
POS	weir is well-respected in hollywood for turning scripts with difficult subject-matter into deceptively simple , powerful films , the mosquito coast ( utopia ) and fearless ( post-traumatic stress disorder ) among them .
NEG	the direction by peter hyams is at times a bit overblown , though not nearly as the visual style was in " stigmata " .
POS	playing the young francie brady is newcomer eamonn owens and he is , without a doubt , a revelation .
NEG	even his presence could have been made bearable by one of the most impressive car stunts in cinematic history , a 360 degree twisting loop jump over a broken bridge -- could have been , except somebody got the idea to dub a mocking whistle tone over the final print .
POS	madonna's golden globe winning performance is much like the movie : starts kinda downhill then goes up quickly , remaning there for the rest of the film .
NEG	chock full of cheesy one liners ( " you know , you are going to have more sex than anyone else in school ! " )
POS	even so , some of the subtle visual effects ( that will likely go unnoticed by many ) are even more impressive than ones more recognizable as " sci-fi " .
NEG	half of everything that is happening is also kept hidden .
POS	not that the plot's really any better than the one in " antz " - it's basically yet another redux of " the seven samurai , " with an ant colony under the control of giant grasshoppers forcing them to produce a product for them or else .
POS	thinking he made an iron-clad deal with foley to get his sentenced squashed in new hampshire , he gives him the place where a sale of machine guns is going down , knowing full-well the young hustler ( keats ) selling the guns is a lot like he was as a youth and when arrested will be facing a life sentence .
NEG	when watching the spice girls , i'm reminded of an old saturday morning cartoon trick ( such as from the smurfs , the snorks , or teenage mutant ninja turtles ) in which identically animated creatures are differentiated into characters merely by one personality quirk and a different name .
NEG	and that car rolling off the cliff ?
POS	did he disappear to start a new life ?
POS	four adults and eleven kids are spending the night together before heading to the airport en masse .
POS	if you wish to argue that point with me , look at his list of credits : the terminator , aliens , the abyss , terminator 2 , true lies , etc . still care to disagree ?
NEG	i can't imagine , if someone were in the mood for something " erotic , " that he'd be happy after watching this fluff .
NEG	the acting is mostly mediocre , not including the fantastic jon voight .
NEG	the list goes on .
NEG	the movie's main bright spot is provided by leelee sobieski as aldys , the outsider who befriends new student josie .
NEG	a song with woefully terrible lyrics follows , and the rest of the movie is even worse .
POS	welcome to sarajevo
POS	smart's got a point .
NEG	we suspect early on that it is the way to the mythical " dryland , " the place where trees , crops , and animals grow , and what plot there is hinges on who has enola .
NEG	a rescue mission is planned with husband & wife team woody blake ( tim robbins ) and terri fisher ( connie nielsen ) , obligatory pilot with a troubled past jim mcconnell ( gary sinise ) , and extra crew member phil ohlmyer ( jerry o'connell ) along for the ride .
NEG	however , mr . nice guy lacks the sparkle of jackie's best efforts , and its weaknesses are more glaring than ever .
POS	blaine has a speech impediment due to his poorly self-done tongue piercing , and duane is the only person who can come close to understanding him .
NEG	bassett and spader's characters start off hating each other .
NEG	this problem is clearly attributable to the fact that the old white guy is never lip or action synched when he is on screen .
POS	carrey , as the cable guy , gives steven various aliases , which later we find out are all tv characters : larry tate , chip douglas , ricky ricardo , etc . he apparently lives in his cable van , and while many critics didn't enjoy this newer , darker , less-manic performance from carrey , i thought it was interesting and rather well-done .
POS	but for me , the biggest surprise in the movie is mckellar .
NEG	instead , it's a complicated , overlong , and under-engaging film that elicits too few laughs and strives for superficial tears .
POS	his script and direction are both extremely sharp , as is the surprisingly strong characterization of bulworth himself . ?
NEG	the whole film plays out as a black version of after hours , as wild woman woo ( jada pinkett smith ) goes out on a blind date with straight-laced tim ( tommy davidson ) .
NEG	* * * * * perfection .
POS	it's so clever , in fact , that hollywood is already planning to re-make it in english , like " la cage aux folles . "
NEG	butterfly ? ,
NEG	i rate ronin a 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a 0 on the -4 to +4 scale .
POS	here , guido must use all his skill and imagination not only to shield his son , but to keep him from being exterminated .
NEG	hurt , the black hole of excitement , sucks up any energy that might have been left .
NEG	it's all very routine and uninteresting because there aren't any real characters and the plot only occasionally makes sense .
NEG	his face is not seen for the most part of the film , and the only way he exists is as a disembodied voice .
NEG	whatever .
NEG	basically , chucky is a plastic doll that can walk and talk because it is possessed by the spirit of a slain murderer .
POS	the transitions from anger to sympathy that these scenes contain are the standout segments of the entire film .
NEG	it was once said that in order to truly enjoy some of todays movies or novels , you must suspend disbelief . 
NEG	but if that's the best part of the movie , i can't in good conscience recommend it .
POS	although wild things was displayed by the press as being an erotic thriller , the eroticism , which is portrayed with good taste , is kept to a minimum and focuses more on the plot and the relationships between the characters .
POS	plot : derek zoolander is a male model .
NEG	the most prominent example , however , may be the fact that when the film starts , there are no opening credits !
POS	it may be worth the full price of admission , but a matinee would be a better bargain .
NEG	america is going through a second civil war and pamela is a nightclub owner in the only free city in the nation ( silicone valley , i think ) .
NEG	this film might have been a really engaging experience under another director's control .
NEG	instinct's plot is brimming with potential : world-renowned anthropologist ethan powell ( anthony hopkins ) disappeared for two years whilst doing research in the jungles of africa .
POS	the character , for all his shucking and jiving is steeped in reality .
POS	the modem is some kind of device that he puts the headset on .
POS	with so much money and so many talented people working so hard , he wonders , why can't hollywood make a quality product .
POS	some people are convinced that an all-male cast automatically means there must be gory violence , here is proof that this is not true .
NEG	i could just say it over and over again .
NEG	well , let's just call him the gas man .
POS	a young boy , obviously malnourished , is taken in and fed up by several loving mother-surrogate figures .
NEG	it was within this setting that a young french girl began hearing " voices " and seeing " visions . "
NEG	his screenplay is an imperfect creature with the distractions coming out as loud as the message .
POS	loren dean gives a nice performance in his well-developed character .
NEG	willis has barely a chance to come alive ; ditto for affleck .
POS	those who recall him as sickboy in trainspotting will find that he is almost unrecognizable here as the image of conformity .
POS	these are merely minor complaints however , seeing that i've watched the home video version hundreds of times and have no problem watching the film as such on the dvd .
POS	it succeeds fantastically .
NEG	snorkle , * sniff * , hiccup .
POS	it feels a lot like science fiction writer john varley's scenes in his book steel beach , where the female protagonists encounters an immensely superior intelligence , in one case a computer manufactured by mankind itself , and in foster's case , an illusion drawn from her memory .
NEG	in other words , this is sylvester stallone acting like . . . sylvester
NEG	the supporting characters are remarkably flat , and insultingly ridiculous as well .
POS	from this moment forward , you know that this isn't going to be your run-of-the-mill romantic comedy .
NEG	" tomb raider " seems to be more interested in displaying her breasts ; so much attention is drawn to them that it's a shame there's no oscar for best performance by a wonderbra .
POS	taken as allegory , however , it is representative of the treatment of the meek by the powerful in all facets of society .
POS	my advice to everyone out there is to throw away your copy of the professional , throw down twenty bucks , and pick up this newly restored cinematic masterpiece .
POS	these scenes may have been necessary to keep the events of the film moving along , but it distracted and detracted from bulworth's political ranting , which was much more interesting than the ever-present , obvious-looking assassin .
NEG	entrapment really isn't that bad ; it is watchable .
POS	jay and silent bob strike back , kevin smith's swan song to his two most famous characters , is the best received comedy that i've seen since there's something about mary , which is a tea party in comparison to the foul-mouthed humor in jay and silent bob strike back .
NEG	the movie is surprisingly not as violent as one expects from b-movies in this genre , but it is still an adult r-rated film due to sexual situations and a suicide attempt .
POS	as such he is probably an evil man but it does not worry him .
POS	the filmmakers make a point to give characters that crucial extra bit of shading that turns them into individuals instead of stereotypes and the actors take it from there .
NEG	i have no problem when films refuse to be constricted by the linearity of time -- pulp fiction , which twisted time every which way , was a masterpiece -- but i do take exception to movies that decide to play around with it for no reason other than to confuse the viewer .
NEG	it's not * all * the same , however .
POS	i hate that show , i hate those actors .
NEG	the film wishes to paint its central character as a hero , but the viewer's only response to his " heroism " is intellectual : william wallace ( producer-director mel gibson ) is fighting for freedom and against tyranny , so we have to root for him .
POS	fine performances are turned in all around .
NEG	most action films abandon depth in favor of action , and this is normally a problem .
POS	however , there's a much meatier movie in here . . . it just takes a while to get out .
NEG	o'donnell plays jimmie shannon , the manager of a pool table manufacturing company .
POS	visiting florence to follow up several leads , she is lured by the killer alfredo ( thomas kretschmann ) to an art gallery , a favourite haunt where he hopes to identify exactly who is on his tail .
POS	also . . . there were interesting side stories that made the plot more interesting .
NEG	the poker buddies are just as desperate to find a mate for grace and greet bob enthusiastically when they hear the news .
POS	when ryan discovers the true identity of her online love , i was filled with such , for lack of a better word , happiness that for the first time all year , i actually left the theater smiling .
NEG	you can really write the script from here on by yourself . . . as the despondent toninho begins to realize what a good thing he had , but things continue to go bad for him : there is a curse he caused on the fishing in his village , there is no chef to replace his wife , as the restaurant is about to close for good .
NEG	rocky no . 1 is vince boudreau ( woody harrelson , edtv ) , a bald , tattooed , newly converted christian , whose idea of christianity is not using the name of christ as a curse word . . .
NEG	the story is told in flashback , flashback within flashback , and flashback within flashback within flashback .
NEG	judging by their performances they also made it before they took any acting lessons .
POS	i'll probably never see home alone 3 , and i wish i had skipped home alone 2 , but i do enjoy home alone almost every year .
POS	it's actually because the film contained all of the neccessary ingredients to keep me entertained and awake from storyline to plot twists to camerawork to even ( tsk , tsk ) special effects .
POS	boogie nights falls into the latter catagory .
POS	but that's the word that came to me right after viewing " chicken run . "
POS	" pretty woman " does not blatantly step wrong until the very last scene , which is a happy ending ( as you'd expect , and wouldn't have it any other way ) that somehow does not work , perhaps because of its undeniable contrivances .
POS	their scenes together sparkle , even though they lack the nostalgic romanticism of sleepless in seattle .
POS	this film is based on the memoirs of late humorist jean shepard , who shares his experiences as a young boy living in the 1940's with loving detail .
POS	also , the script gets sloppy toward the end with characters merely disappearing from the story .
POS	however , geena davis could very well become the first bankable american female action star with the long kiss goodnight , a preposterous but incredibly fun action thriller directed by her husband , renny harlin .
POS	the speed in " the green mile " is perfect .
NEG	the rest of the cast is very good ; especially martin landau ( as ed's step-father ) , who plays a cute role as the close-to-death old guy that makes all the witty comments .
NEG	the worst is a scene between brent spiner and bill pullman where spiner is sayinig something innocently funny but is barked like a junkyard dog by bill pullman who gives him the most unitentionally funniest speech since the end of " glen or glenda ? "
NEG	i still don't know if barb wire is a step up or step down for noseworthy , but he definitely is nose worthy ( even if he isn't sponge worthy ) .
POS	she writes letters for the illiterate , who pass through , to try to find lost relatives , find love , or search after lost debts .
NEG	even the stars .
NEG	the original mk was smart in letting the players do what they do best .
NEG	some of the more ludicrous moments come when it's alluded to that people like jimmy carter and henry kissinger may actually be the antichrist ( ! ) .
NEG	meanwhile the 60 minutes team trying to do a story on fires started by cigarettes have obtained some data they do not understand .
NEG	most of the film is dumb , and most of the dialogue is inane .
NEG	interspersed throughout the opening credits , for instance , a serious-sounding narrator spouts statistics about stalkers and ponders what may cause a man to stalk ( it's implicitly implied that all stalkers are men ) while pictures of a boy are shown on the screen .
POS	opinion : people say it all the time : you never appreciate good health until it's gone .
NEG	at first , he's shivery and frightened , but he quickly recovers from the shock of his own death and becomes a badass biker from beyond the grave .
NEG	all these bit players put forth more effort than the series' returning stars , who are probably saving their energy for the long post- " scream " job search .
NEG	in deep rising , the monster , like everything , is artificial and unconvincing .
POS	when i saw the trailer for " the sixth sense , " i didn't expect much from it .
POS	it's much more " real " than chuck norris or jean-claude van damme .
NEG	max starts to put the game into action , but page is so repelled by the old man ( and angry with her mom ) that she slips off to enact her own score , targeting jack , a laid back young beach bar owner who is worth a fortune .
NEG	i'll tell you why : because it's a great excuse to photograph zeta-jones' posterior as it slides underneath those beams ( and it also allows a second scene of the exact same thing - the rehearsal ) .
NEG	andrew kevin walker's screenplay takes only the character names from the classic short story " the legend of sleepy hollow . "
POS	winterbottom and boyce also produce a realistic portrayal of the reporters covering the atrocities .
POS	howard follows suit , though his efforts are in contrast ham-handed and desperate .
POS	with her pouty lips , irresistible british accent , and wild display of haute couture , hurley crackles with naughtiness and fills your mind with temptation .
NEG	allen payne's character never speaks in the entire movie , not because he is mute , but because he's never given any lines !
POS	although many people have compared this new gangster comedy to the hit hbo drama 'the sopranos , ' analyze this is witty and entertaining enough to be a good movie in it's own right .
NEG	with its incalculable twists , turns , more twists and more turns , it soon becomes a tedious exercise in pointlessness .
NEG	there's even a narrator at the beginning setting up the movie's premise while the words scroll up the screen .
POS	geoffrey , impatient to get ahead with his research , feels bogged down by the bureaucrats in his firm who fail to provide him with the three chimps he needs to experiment on , as he contacts one of the company's higher ups to argue his case , but decides he can't wait any longer for their help , so he sets an animal trap in the countryside and catches chester , the gorgeous pet dog of frances , a dog that means so much to her and her family because he saved her life .
POS	and when news shows use hidden cameras , it's done in the name of the greater good , not entertainment .
NEG	we get an unusually early sex scene between phillips and tunney within the first 10 minutes .
NEG	this is where he truly belongs , and if you are reluctant to believe me than look no further that primal fear ( with the sensational edward norton ) , the jackal ( with bruce willis ) and pretty woman ( with the delightful julia roberts ) .
NEG	/ not rated ===============
NEG	adrian brody and especially mira sorvino fare better .
NEG	when jimmie has no other options , his goofy friend ( played by artie lange , making a career out of playing the goofy friend ) places an ad in the newspaper that somehow becomes a front page story .
POS	so getting back to the question that i began with , this isn't pulp fiction at all .
NEG	she gets handed a job to investigate a possible cover-up in the government involving senator alan rittenhouse ( james cromwell ) .
POS	however , once all the snakes were on set , it became clear that there were not nearly enough of them , so spielberg had several hoses cut into lengths , and these were used as well .
NEG	first , he does not really reverse the roles of the humans and the apes .
NEG	it's hard to care about these people if we can't even appreciate what they're capable of doing on-stage .
POS	perhaps as an economy measure or just to create a mood the visual effects team frequently obscures our view of the dinosaurs .
POS	the final scene , involving mortizen and everyone else , is utterly devastating , thanks to him and thomsen , whose performance is utterly flawless and equally emotionally complex .
POS	not only has cameron helmed the directorial duties of this film , he also wrote , produced , and edited it .
POS	explaining why this movie stands out from others with similar plots ( including the original evil dead ) is extremely difficult .
POS	he's racist , homophobic , and never has a good word to say to anyone .
NEG	for everyone else , it's not only a waste of time , but a poor introduction to the work of robert lapage .
POS	they steal a car and develop a chaste , brotherly affection before felix must move on .
POS	" cleopatra . "
NEG	when both fighters of the undercard of a vegas based mike tyson title fight become incapacitated , the fight promoters need to find a quick replacement .
POS	attracted to , but not distracted by , her commanding officer shang ( b . d .
NEG	last summer , a feature-length version of the avengers hit theaters to the tune of a unanimous critical panning .
POS	his explanation ?
NEG	sandler plays sonny koufax , a unemployed new yorker with a seemingly low mental age .
POS	but then he runs into belone ( michel aumont ) , an elderly homosexual neighbor , who suggests a " sex discrimination " lawsuit to intimidate management .
NEG	there's something about duchovny that makes me uneasy .
NEG	julia overcame a lot of spiteful writing and acting to make my best friend's wedding into a winning film , but not even that 90-tooth smile can save her here .
POS	since the objective of the gang is to find gold and get rich ( unlike finding themselves in middle age like in the original ) , i also found it harder to empathize with the characters during their journey .
POS	after the funny but sour _kingpin_ left a negative aftertaste in my palate , comes the funniest sex farce since _a fish called wanda_ .
NEG	hardly a minute goes by in this film without fires , explosions , knives and chains appearing out of nowhere , glowing eyes , or constantly transforming demons .
POS	stone doesn't in any way apologize for nixon .
POS	.
POS	one of the set pieces even aids in the destruction of the alien ( nothing surprising there ) .
NEG	in spite of the secrecy , wigand's former employers seem immediately to know wigand is talking to 60 minutes and he is warned off by former boss thomas sandefur played michael gambon in an all too brief but deliciously sinister role .
NEG	if the scene gives you a tickle of familiarity , it probably should .
POS	gene hackman is superb as the gruff-talking general , almost doing another take on his crimson tide persona .
POS	also , rudy's use of voice narration in place of acting makes the film lose some of its dramatic edge .
POS	redford departs from the usually overlight , " cable tv quality " sets and camera work so common in recent 20th century period pieces .
NEG	first time feature director mark christopher proves that he's a better director than a writer , though not too terribly much .
POS	if that fails , maybe she'll try a little shock therapy by pushing him off a 20-foot high pier into the cold lake below .
POS	meanwhile , z wants to meet bala again , and he asks weaver , an army ant , to switch places with him .
NEG	nicolas cage comes up with an ingenious survival mechanism for his role in the wink-and-a-concussive-nudge bombast-o-rama con air .
NEG	movies based on video games , such as street fighter or mario bros . , have never generated much interest at the box office .
NEG	stalked is no exception ( it's a cat this time -- found in the shower ) .
NEG	54 is dull , perfunctory , uninspired , and boring .
NEG	but by the end of it i thought : why liam neeson and cathrine zeta jones , jan de bont ? .
POS	he is 35-years-old in body , but a child in mind and spirit .
NEG	with crazy , often eye-popping camera work by peter pau and rodman's lite brite locks , " double team " should be a mildly enjoyable guilty pleasure .
POS	the scenes between the characters are endearing , truthful , with just a hint of fantasy .
NEG	predictable , unoriginal , and forgettable will most likely be the three adjectives to haunt the down to you's and the drive me crazy's released by the dozens these last couple of years .
NEG	these two fascinating looks at the club and all the sordid goings-on within it show that there's still a great disco movie to be made .
NEG	in scream it was a ghost mask ( scary enough ) , in i know what you did last summer it was a fisher man's rain slicker ( in the middle of summer no less ) , and in urban legend the disguise sinks to the level of mel brooks parody : the villain wears an oversized parka with a fury hood ( ooh ? ? ? scary ) intended to conceal his/her identity .
NEG	they're all members of a barbie playset : the important film director who swoons , " billie , i'd love to put you in a movie i'm making , " and the big-time record executive who takes billie's demo tape and says , " oh , i'll make sure the whole team listens to it in the morning . "
POS	" spy kids " certainly did .
NEG	they have accidentally killed one of their own , the " teen dream " , liz purr ( charlotte roldan ) , choked on a giant jawbreaker during a kidnapping prank for her 17th birthday .
NEG	in the end " haunting " will only haunt its fledgling studio ( dream works skg ) and de bont's career as a director .
NEG	as with any david lynch film there is strange material added for little reason .
POS	zidler quickly finds a backer , the wealthy duke of monroth ( richard roxburgh ) , but there's a catch ? the duke also wants the hand of the fair satine .
POS	the following that it has gained is not suprising -- this is probably , thus far , the best film of the decade .
NEG	most of all , though , i would have liked to see these actors relish in their roles .
NEG	i actually find the fact that this film became a minor success ( $40 million domestic box office gross ) more frightening than anything in it .
POS	but don't be fooled . . .
NEG	- several places there is narrative that is nearly incoherent as if there are missing scenes and the viewer has to guess what happened in the interim .
NEG	that's right , 80% miss , and 20% hit .
NEG	we are . "
POS	while out in the field with the bloodied trapped dog already in the back seat of his car , he is spotted by alex and one of his co-workers , and nervously invites them to dinner with his wife , afraid that alex will spot what he is doing , as he rushes away from the area .
POS	" jaws " is a thriller with a keen sense of humor and an incredible sense of pacing , tension , and horror .
NEG	this is a by-the-books movie that plods along on a predestined course with no surprises and very few laughs .
POS	i suspect " moulin rogue " will be one of those love-it-or-hate-it films .
NEG	also on the team are an enormous guy ( ron lester ) with some health problems and the token african-american team member ( eliel swinton ) whose only real dialogue scene deals directly with the color of his skin .
POS	the script originally included a long fight between a swordsman and indiana with his whip .
NEG	their company's current logo could be " we ride the trends " .
NEG	at only a little past ninety minutes , no looking back is rather short for its genre .
POS	my god , do we really need yet another movie with smash mouth performing " all star ? "
NEG	dead-bang tries to don a mask of social relevance by incorporating themes of racism and white supremacy , but its efforts are nothing more than token gestures and nothing less than insulting .
NEG	the opposite holds true for the governor ratcliffe led songs ; the singing is even more grating than his simplistic character .
POS	here the doctor is intellectual and perhaps good , but certainly powerless .
POS	the sweet hereafter is much better than either of these two films , simply because it's not boring or , in the case of kissed , afraid of its own material ( necrophilia ) .
POS	and despite its many contributors , the script for " shrek " is full of such comic gems .
POS	the alternate method of comprehension is that with which most of us are familiar , the high school english course .
POS	smith is perfect for his role as he adds some valuable comic relief to the film .
POS	jones is sympathetic and loving and is most effective in those quiet moments when he tries to deal with his wife's rage .
NEG	scott ( son of james ) caan has some lively moments as tweeder , the team's wild man .
NEG	the cast seems decent , but they're never asked to do anything remotely interesting .
NEG	this time , she thinks , she will get it right and be accepted by the in-crowd .
POS	therefore , the movie is quite user-friendly .
POS	each story moves toward a single bizarre common climax , but it is not one that seems to do much but derail each story .
NEG	several differences : one , " like water " didn't have a telekinetic crab , and two , " like water " was a good film .
NEG	the most popular , and most feared , clique at reagan high school have an unexpected dilemma .
POS	her next target is elliot ( brendan fraser ) , a tech support geek who is clumsy , awkward , and just too eager to please .
POS	in the truman show , weir essentially breathes life into the now-tired concept of media-manipulation by tackling the material from the inside-out .
NEG	and for some inexplicable reason , everyone's voice seems to have been dubbed .
NEG	dumb , dumb , dumb , dumb . "
POS	his american buffalo is a set-bound piece that has very little plot .
POS	but what comes after is a lifeless , un-entertaining , and totally unrewarding sequence where she cons a singer ( jimmy nail ) into taking eva to buenos aires after a one-night stand .
POS	i couldn't give a bloody damn if it's possible or not , really i couldn't .
NEG	a shame , then , that it all deteriorates into such a hopelessly unfunny morass .
NEG	meanwhile , jacques has moved to new york city , where he starts cross-dressing , calls himself jennifer , and becomes a successful counter-culture talkshow host .
NEG	and i was impressed .
NEG	i've always been the one critic to defend van damme -- he possesses a high charisma level that some genre stars ( namely steven seagal ) never aim for ; it's just that he's never made a movie so exuberantly witty since 1994's " timecop . "
NEG	stretch it a bit , and we have a five-finger discount from doc hollywood , where the whole story occurs because of car trouble , forcing the main character to stay at the mercy of the town and the mechanic .
POS	available in an all new video edition from arrow entertainment ( $29 . 95 ) , with an introduction by david carradine , written & produced by wayne j . keeley
POS	>from the outset of the film , he is immediately likable , and never seems too corny or brainy as to alienate the audience .
NEG	among the rich and beautiful whose glamour hides sinister secrets , a femme fatale who tempts and confounds the hero , shadowy figures shooting from doorways , dead bodies confronting the hero at every turn , cops dogging his path and interfering with his investigation .
NEG	for those people , it may be worth it , for luckily there is much more music than shoddy attempts at acting , but when the story does intrude upon the festivities , the film is heavily bogged down with unfunny jokes , musicians turned stiff actors , and the pointless 10-year- old buster attempting to add some sort of home alone cuteness to the whole thing .
POS	it's good some .
NEG	some of you might remember the mael brothers as the '80s synth pop duo sparks ; their contributions here are as confused as the accompanying action-- " kimono my house " indeed !
POS	is the film's entertainment value really augmented by hearing a recognizable voice , rather than a voice which best suits the role ?
POS	jeanne tripplehorn creates another character original , as daniel stern's wife , who late in the picture , we discover , is a tough kick-boxer that should not be messed around with .
POS	a good movie allows its characters to learn and grow .
POS	but i bet you will not leave the movie , for at least laughing one time or more .
NEG	that's right .
NEG	jack and shen argue about their countries different laws ; shen stating that they will shoot you in the back and charge the cost of the bullet to your family . 
POS	the way she moved the camera and created tension throughout every scene was amazing .
NEG	crystal is always entertaining , and he has a few good lines here ( some of which are subtle throwaways that many will miss entirely ) ; often , however , he's countered by a slew of jokes that aren't funny , and cause an involuntary rolling of the eyes .
POS	also the bioports are occasionally used for things other than porting into existenz , the specifics of which i will leave for you to discover .
POS	for as much as rea's voiceover permeates almost every scene of " the butcher boy , " owens commands virtually every frame .
POS	the special effects are very good , and the production design by christopher nowak is fantastic .
NEG	strangelove .
NEG	dillon , who was so charming in his understated role in last year's in & out , gives the best performance , and murray's surprising appearance adds some comedic flare to the film .
NEG	they have a garage band .
POS	he's able to portray the angst of a man who knows he has very little time left , without making him an obnoxious whiner .
POS	the other notable aspect of " the gift " is its moody atmosphere that lays such a thickly foreboding air over every scene it's almost suffocating .
POS	at one point they run into each other and a great chase ensues , but richard is just too smart for them .
POS	even so , there's no logical reason why mr . m has an affair when he does .
POS	vaughan is into living on the edge as they are , but he takes it to another level : he loves to recreate famous car crashes .
POS	and it's also calorie-free--so chow down !
NEG	when she goes nosing around cromwell , he begs her to keep it under wraps .
NEG	critique : easily one of the worst movies that i've seen all year .
NEG	cultivating his usual sliminess , voight gives an unexpectedly standout performance as west canaan coyotes head coach bud kilmer .
