achieving anything worthy in life requires " playing it to the bone " .
harold ramis , best known as egon from ghostbusters , has a deft touch with directing comedy , as shown in the immortal groundhog day , and the less immortal caddyshack .
clearer and more realistic than those of gladiator , the gruesome images are what give this film an r rating .
the plot's utter predictability is also at fault here with one guess as to whom is to get healed by the gentle monster in this film ( we are told that one certain lady has a tumor early on in the movie ) .
the brothers deedle aren't supposed to be out-and-out stupid , like the team from dumb and dumber , or bill and ted .
did this story need to be told ?
ordell is in the illegal firearms business and has enlisted the aid of louis gara ( robert de niro ) , a bank robber who just got out of prison after serving four years , to help him accomplish a scheme worth a half- million dollars .
the first realization that i reached in watching this film is that one of the messages given is that a show should not always be credited to it's author .
virus is a truly dumb action thriller , one of negligible intelligence and innovation .
don't bring adults to this one , unless they're fascinated by puppetry and/or hate capitalism so badly they enjoy seeing wooden puppets raped .
and with her naval officer husband stationed somewhere in the north atlantic , virtually impossible to reach by telephone , margaret leads the crazed life of a single parent .
the outrageous remarks bulworth makes to his potential voters are very funny , and also somewhat true .
not only does spawn rely entirely on special effects , the story , about a bewildered individual who must take on a group of * bad guys * and * find himself * in the process is realized in such a sordid , incapable manner , it becomes indigestible after a while .
however , when the company loses contact with the colony , ripley's story seems much more feasible .
this was almost two years ago .
last summer i took this same approach with my review of " the mummy , " in that review i just quoted phrases my reviews of other sub-par movies .
nolan's direction is equally effective , never losing its crispness and clarity despite " memento " 's challenging gimmick .
pixar's rendition of the family dog is also nicely done , with fur so realistic you almost feel you could reach out and touch it .
good films are hard to find these days .
you learn a little bit piece by piece ( oh , they make pods out of those ) , and it's just enough to get you to accept the world that is presented to you .
i'm not saying the opening moments are bad , because they're pretty good .
an offscreen interviewer questions them about their lives and profession .
kevin kline , who only seems to become more and more acclaimed , stars as howard brackett , a high school english teacher in the small , picturesque town of greenleaf , indiana .
our boys are tapped to fight each other , the winner of which is " promised " a shot at a future title fight .
but the true glue that holds this film together , other than the spirit of elvis himself , is costner and russell , who play their badass characters to the t . sure , russell's been down this road before , but costner surprised me with his nastiness .
and as for making chow shoot like a cop , well that's damned unforgiveable .
when she comes to , she finds herself in a darkened room with a bunch of people yelling and dancing like savages and a big , evil man raping her -- a foreshadowing of her future life with woody allen .
walsh ) and his chamber of commerce ; but the two sides are simply fronts for a clash of ideas that soon involves the entire town .
the visual is not very important .
okay , it is a let-down .
sports films are strong vehicles for cinematic glory , gritty tales involving the honor of men and the valiant efforts taken for the ultimate goal of victory in the face of insurmountable odds , the rise and fall of gallant heroes , and stories of dramatic gusto painted with blood and sweat on the battlefield of life .
they finally hook up with the princess , only to learn she is not the helpless maiden they expected to meet .
titanic is a great movie in its own right , complete with spills , thrills and ( especially ) chills .
writers have become fascinated by the bloodier , morally ambivalent aspects of fairy tales , and are now modernizing the old stories while simultaneously going back to their roots .
you're more likely to get a kick out of her work in halloween h20 .
these great actors are basically helpless with this muddled mess that defies any rationality .
damn you , godless pg rating , show us her butterfly ! !
many stories are here , from the clash between the lieutenant ( elias koteas ) and the savage colonel ( a voracious nick nolte ) to the private ( ben chaplin ) who uses his love for the woman he left behind to keep him going .
meier , however , is less than thrilled-- his girlfriend , his friends and his job ( which he likes ) all exist in east germany .
the acting , setting , effects , costumes , and sound make it work .
here is one genuine masterpeice , a classic that reaches heights and ambitions near perfection .
james cameron's aliens was an action film , and many people consider it the best in the series .
maybe i sound crazy , but i am really looking forward to the new exorcist film , and hope that they make it as good as the original .
the question of why it worked so well lies directly with the film's two charismatic stars , richard gere and julia roberts , since the story itself is none too original or even believable .
the familiar lethal weapon family is back , including rene russo , who is now the expectant mother of riggs' child and joe pesci as the soprana-like , foul-mouthed former accountant who has decided to become a private eye .
when you consider just how fine a line resides between a funny parody and a redundant one , " chicken run " is downright brilliant in its execution .
there is liz , who oversleeps and so is running late for her appointment , prue who is getting married , geoff , liz's boyfriend , neil , her previous boyfriend , ant who has written a screenplay .
only a few loyal swashbuckers remain , among them athos and portos ( who are only figureheads in this movie ) .
i'm referring , specifically , to the narrative form .
while saving private ryan used warfare to bookend the plot , malick uses reflection and glorious shots of nature to bookend about 90 minutes of combat .
zero effect is weakest in its obviously " wacky " scenes depicting daryl zero's odd behavior .
a former window-dresser , schumacher is adept at decorating sets and dressing people in exotic costumes .
crucial scenes are shot from the outside through windows , making the audience unwitting voyeurs of the action .
but do not drop a limp u-turn out of your pocket and expect us to accept it as " an oliver stone movie , " and not question why it stinks like week-old snook .
other sources called it a tri- pronged u-bar .
phifer also comes to play in this movie , with a nice blend of charisma , fear , love and anger spread over his character .
of course , i've already mentioned that i didn't care for murphy's character , but i have to admit that i did love his neckties .
the scene ends only as a british writer would end it .
where's joblo coming from ?
" final fantasy " is based on a phenomenally popular video game i've never played , with a story straight out of japanese anime , which more often than not leaves me bored and depressed .
it's the environmental protection agency .
i know in slasher movies there isn't supposed to be a lot of great characterization and i myself don't mind cardboard cutouts , but please don't let the cutouts be so damn bland .
he is convicted of her murder and sent to death row , where he inexplicably disappears one night and is replaced by a young mechanic named pete dayton ( balthazar getty ) .
through a central cast of father , mother , and son , benigni demonstrates the wonderful , undying love that a family shares in the best of times and the worst of times .
moviemaking is a lot like being the general manager of an nfl team in the post-salary cap era -- you've got to know how to allocate your resources .
three different scripts were penned , we ? ? ? re told , to keep the true finale off the internet ( a nod to the " scream " 2 fiasco a few years back ) and no one knows for sure which one the killer read .
okay , what's next ?
of course there are still a few big guns in this film , but there=92s some accomplished acting too .
it doesn't take long for the movie to unfold into sappy mush , with realizations taking place left and right and poor plot points .
in the small , but pivotal role of the sleazy jessica king , katie holmes ( 2000's " wonder boys " ) has turned in yet another stunning supporting turn .
but in a movie theatre , everyone can hear you snore .
the trailer sets up what should have been a promising plot : detective ricky santoro ( cage ) must solve the mystery of who shot the secretary of defense at an atlantic city pay-per-view boxing match .
ving rhames' character seems like an afterthought ; he's not developed at all .
the work of the young ensemble is so natural that they truly convince as teens of the early '60s ; they do not appear to be '90s grungers playacting " retro . "
.
[pg-13]
the screenplay was written by rama laurie stagner ( with arlene sarner and jerry leichtling ) .
in general it seems much improved from 1968 .
these elements ( as well as the heavy drinking and carousing ) might be more appropriate on a college campus -- but mtv's core audience is the high school demographic .
while the hilarity level of this film soared unexpectedly high , audience will find that they are in no way being cheated of a laugh , something lacking in many comedy films ( wannabes ? ) from hollywood .
( jonathan rosenbaum of the chicago reader and i were two of the only critics in america to praise the movie ) burton reportedly tossed vintage " mars attacks ! "
if only .
even gay men get in on the act , locating the skinheads' lair and beating them severely with lead pipes and other blunt objects .
the film starts with present day explorers searching the runied titanic .
though both are initially skeptical of the idea , john eventually takes this opportunity to warn his father against his impending death in a warehouse fire , and he succeeds in saving frank from certain doom .
and get kicked out of the house ?
it's the kind of movie where characters run into each other just as a loud clash reverberates on the soundtrack .
it's practically the same except that sanjay dutt is replaced with jackie shroff .
kiss the girls is based on the novel by james patterson and written for the screen by one david klass .
and that makes it even harder to forgive the bad acting , corny dialogue , and emotional overextension .
drafting two of his best friends and the brainiac outcast , homer begins to construct rockets .
( that monotone -- stop it ! )
unlike other gen-xers movies , go never allows the music to substitute for plot or dialogue , which is a plus .
so , he pays someone $200 to start spreading rumors about his prowess .
unfortunately , it is a very weak bond for the reasons listed below .
this is a great score .
their ripostes are engaging filmmaking at its best .
racial politics obviously prevented the filmmakers from pairing dull rita romantically with west , despite the movie's " hip " attitude toward the black thing .
after all , there's a woman named foster ( jamie lee curtis ) out there stopping the computer virus .
with all three , he's managed to attach himself to great scripts ( this one by toby emmerich , whose only previous movie experience was as a music supervisor on numerous new line films ) and add equally great direction .
julia roberts is very good in her performance as alice sutton , the department of justice employee who can't seem to stay away from jerry fletcher , who continually visits alice in hopes that she will do something about his theories .
bon jovi is the only sympathetic character in the whole movie .
ghosts of mars takes place in the year 2176 .
his final job requires him to kill a policeman's seven year old boy .
it was the hottest summer on record .
those effects are excellent and they can still fool the audience accustomed to cgi and real footage of earth from outer space .
the film is inexplicably set in the 80s , a period piece that really shows no sign of its period except for a few chicks in leg warmers .
the clear standout in the cast , though , is damon , who bravely does not soften will's prickly nature but has such a natural ease with the audience that it is hard _not_ to care for him .
hunter , of course , was brilliant in 1993's " the piano , " for which she won an academy award , but in this film she is even better , i think .
most sequels don't do what they're supposed to do like " toy story 2 " does .
what he's made with the thin red line is a film that seems less concerned with plot than with the emotion of the moment .
there's genuine ferocity and sexually charged frisson during their understated confrontations in signs & wonders , allowing them to suggest a gray zone of complications that accompany torn romance and years of stifled curiosity .
i came away somewhat disappointed in this regard , getting some of the latter and not much of the former .
with the formation of the untouchables , there is a group of men wearing long , dark overcoats and hats .
blade's production values are as slick as any that you will find in your typical summer blockbuster .
with his minute amounts of leisure time , dom does nell impersonations .
cult films are never mainstream .
tom has no choice but to grab the bag full of money , hide it , and swim for his life .
we then see a dream of rose's , in which she returns to the titanic and is dancing with jack dawson .
carter stalks all of them while trying to figure out who did in his brother and how to extract proper revenge on the responsible parties .
and , in the most serious manner possible , it steals from every good and bad film of the genre , showing you countless familiar scenes , and sporting a cookie-cutter plot that any film of the sci-fi/horror genre could fit with a little trimming .
as my friend and fellow film critic ted prigge said in his review of `the phantom menace' - how do i even write this review ?
the plot in brief .
the sunrise studios site ( scream3 . com ) has trailers for other sunrise releases as well as the " latest 'stab 3' news . "
the first room catharine enters in carl's head shows this promise .
much more open than the rather subdued primary colours , bulworth barely gives the american politic system a good name .
the first comes right at the beginning of the movie , while the other essentially finishes the film off , hanging from the tower and juggling off ladders .
john lone , as ricky tan , is a suave villain who is the real power behind the throne of american bigwig steven reign ( alan king in a walk through performance ) .
the writing is bad , the direction is even worse , but both of those things look good in comparison to the acting .
drawing from a more hyper woody allen style , the film succeeds beyond expectations .
let him loose !
star trek generations =====================
reeves is surprisingly good in his role as neo , particularly in a fight scene with fishburne that comes across as goofy , yet great .
by phil curtolo mel gibson ( braveheart ) gave a gripping performance as the father of a young kidnapped boy in ron howard's ransom .
it doesn't take a las vegas odds-maker to predict that she and travolta will soon be hitting the sheets as well , after the customary sexual tension and denial , which has been used in every comedy from " who's the boss ? "
i knew the film would be funny--the trailer alone had me laugh harder than the actual comedy i went to see .
his lester burnham is an everyman caught up in the middle of a life that is spiraling into old age .
the movie stars bruce willis as renowned cat burglar hudson hawk , who's just been released from sing sing prison after many years in isolation ( `let me put it this way , ' he explains , `i never saw et' ) .
cappie will cause conflict in maggie and lucas' relationship .
monica potter plays patch's love interest , a young woman who personifies the things that patch hates about medical school .
while unzipped isn't an expose on the fashion industry per se , keeve has enough clips of petulant models to make the viewer realize how tame robert altman was with ready to wear .
the only real 'good' thing the movie has is action , and plenty of it , but i noticed it is badly filmed , the camera is so shaky you cannot even tell what is going on .
synopsis : great expectations ( 1998 ) is a modernized version of a charles dickens novel .
during the course of the movie she gets locked in both a closet and a car trunk , blunders around a control room accidentally setting off a laser and serves no purpose in enhancing the plot whatsoever .
i like breathing through it . "
what starts out promising soon turns deadly ( for the audience anyway ) .
norton is soon assigned to a job that calls for traveling , and it's on a plane that he meets tyler durden ( brad pitt ) .
german introduces him to a " valid " who has been paralized from the waste down due to an automobile accident .
what we don't see is far more effective than what we do .
it's a major ( though not fatal ) flaw , and for a director as notoriously unpredictable as fincher , it feels like a cop-out .
( that is , as sensible as a nuclear " incident " can probably be . )
the truman show ( paramount pictures ) running time : 1 hour 42 minutes starring jim carrey and ed harris directed by peter weir after a long wait , jim carrey's dramatic debut finally makes it to the big screen .
and when you consider that the first hour of the film was boring and a little slow , the story-line tired , reminiscent of swiss cheese and uninvolving , and the special effects interesting but worth very little inside a plot filled with lame one-liners , weak characterizations and an anti-climactic end , you pretty much have the gist of my impression of this " big " summer blockbuster .
symbolizing the swords of shakespeare's day were their weapons , like the " rapier-9mm " or the " longsword- shotgun . "
on paper , it seems like the stuff of a potential caper comedy , but veteran director john frankenheimer wrongly picks up that piece of paper and thinks he's looking at the makings for some sort of clever action-crime thriller .
this can't be any old thriller--we must have an asteroid , the size of texas head straight for earth ! !
unfortunately , oldman is locked away for most of the film , giving us nothing but ample mocking opportunities to enjoy .
i have not seen " breaking the waves , " the other notable film by a member of this group ( lars von trier , to be exact ) , but " the celebration " works exquisitely in this department .
do film critics have morals ?
in fact , the climax music is also some of the most recognized of film music .
at his best , he beats hitchcock at his own game ( " blow out , " " carrie , " " body double " ) but this is not his best .
defending your life is an imaginative vision of the afterlife from the twisted mind of writer-director albert brooks , who also stars in the comedy .
alien 3 has several , but most memorable is the terrific shot involving the alien and ripley .
chicken pot pies ? "
with his life in complete disarray , he meets julia ( barrymore ) , a waitress .
it takes one wrong step .
and , in addition , wincott s physical appearance and mannerisms , in the film , actually reminded my of an arrogant friend i use to have , who is no longer on my good list .
besides eternal damnation , of course .
even the magic kingdom at its most mediocre -- that'd be " pocahontas " for those of you keeping score -- isn't nearly as dull as this .
bit like " saturday night fever , " 'cept no travolta and no real interest put into him .
unbeknownst to the patients , the good doctor is actually conducting his own cover project that has to do with the psychology of fear .
by day they are construction workers .
for those movie-goers , don't expect another pulp fiction and you'll be satisfied , for the script oozes with the familiar brash qualities that has made tarantino an icon of 90's film- making .
* * * for more film , dvd and books about movie reviews , plus annual coverage of the toronto international film festival , visit _film freak central_ - http : //filmfreakcentral . net
jennifer jason leigh plays the perpetually sour , bitter helena st . george well , and christopher plummer seems to be enjoying himself as dolores' ever-present nemesis , the determined detective john mackey .
affliction too was set in a snowy landscape .
she can take her lumps , physical and otherwise , just as well as quinn , making her a formidable foil and ideal match .
and jar jar binks , a silly roger rabbitish amphibious character , is intended as comic relief , but what he really becomes is annoying - and fast .
gone in 60 seconds aptly describes how long it'll take for this marginally entertaining , but empty film to leave your memory .
action movies are typically devoid of plot other than a simple byline which can string together several explosive sequences , while suspense movies hinge on plot and subtlety and the ability to bring everything full-circle .
for all this , i can't even comment on george clooney as batman - i hardly saw the guy !
i could say dozens of bad things about him : he way overuses slow-motion , he has no eye for action , he can't get even mediocre performances out of actors , and so on .
other footage shows backstage foolishness , and amazing clay animation by bruce bickford .
however , there are times when it is needlessly complex , and at least one instance the storytelling turns so muddled that the answers to important plot points actually get lost .
the courtroom scenes in this movie would never happen in a real courtroom , which wouldn't have been too bad if it weren't keanu reeves trying to pull it off .
making his decision easy is the fact that not only is he offered big money , but a gorgeous apartment .
so , " the odd couple ii " ( i . e .
grim stuff , to be sure , but the subject of a remarkable film from italy's master of the horror thriller dario argento .
more humanity in the fight for humanity would have made it a four-star film .
anyone who tells you " it's just a movie " is either lying or clueless .
they had lots of " great " sight gags like two people trying to go in a door together and therefore bumping shoulders against the door .
it is at the peak of the royal theatre era , and queen elizabeth ( the recently damed judi dench , by , appropriately enough , queen elizabeth ii ) is very much a fan .
my prescription ?
however , goro agrees to help tampopo in her quest , and in the process they seek the wisdom of an elderly noodle expert , enlist the aid of a wealthy patron , and make friends with the former enemy .
there are two main types of villains in movies like this : the ones that are part of the story , and the ones that are devices .
as cyberpunk films go , this may not be a staple of the genre , but it's definitely recommended viewing .
in fact , wood's infamous plan 9 from outer space actually seems pretty tame by comparison .
for the first time since the beginning of 1999 , there comes a film which doesn't rely on popular formula stuff , such as big-budget special effects , commercial rock soundtracks , or any of that stuff .
and , as will advances his self-awareness in sessions with sean , he also learns about friendship from his buddy , chuckie ( ben affleck ) , and love from a harvard co-ed named skylar ( minnie driver ) .
stay at the disneyland hotel !
the characters are mixtures of stereotypes and lack any real depth .
kurt russell and kathleen quinlan play couple jeff and amy taylor , taking the scenic route to california through redneck country .
the bad guy . . . . . ahh . . . william
" memento " traces the investigation back in time from its apparent culmination .
this was a film about sex and death .
" shining " had class , style , story , acting , but most of all talent and originality .
the parallels are there .
fabulous !
i'll admit i've never read the edgar rice burroughs story " tarzan of the apes , " so i couldn't tell you how true this film stays to the book .
all the better for that elusive crazed killer .
just kidding .
he is passionless about all that which surrounds him except his craft and the music which his craft is responsible for producing .
then , in this final week before its official release , i learned that it was not to be screened for critics .
it'll probably be another 11 before he's back again .
as i recall , " wisdom " was a decent film .
contrary to the title , " the boxer " is not another rocky story only this time spliced with some cold hard politics .
althea had joined him in taking the drugs .
aside from rare flashes of originality , his films are often soul-dead .
kasi lemmons , following up her brilliant 1997 debut , _eve's bayou_ , which played on similar themes of manufactured realities and mysticism , fulfills much of her immense promise with a tale of seraphs and lost boys , artists and suffering .
as jane austen and henry james have become popular sources for adult filmmakers over the past decade or so , e . b .
writer-directors josh and jonas pate seem to desire to emulate the coen brothers' masterwork blood simple , or the wachowski brothers' less worthy bound .
the audience is led to believe that stephane may have been a genius as a violinist as well , due to his relationship with a master violin teacher .
nine months is a complete failure , low on laughs and intelligence and high on loud , unfunny slapstick , failed jokes and other uninspired lunacy .
simply remove him from the equation .
then again , this is james cameron , the guy who has given us true lies and terminator 2 : judgment day .
re-edited and toned down a bit , the dynamics between these three actors could have carried the film to greater lengths .
at the hospital , the doctors explain that they replaced the testicle with a metal ball and joke that the victim is lucky the dog didn't bit off the other one , because two metal replacement balls would clack together .
but , still curious , i asked around my school and from the one or two people who had seen it , the reactions were far from positive .
they probably wanted it to look more like a time to kill .
two ardent detectives ( alan arkin and billy bathgate's loren dean ) determine the killer is on the inside of gattaca , and the sole clue they find at the crime scene -- one of vincent's eyelashes -- threatens to blow vincent's cover and derail his goal .
the philip glass soundtrack is also superb , and is used to great effect during the film .
the world in gridlock'd is just as frustrating as the world in falling down , but the cathartic moments yield no easy answers this time .
one of the last entries in the long-running carry on series , carry on behind is very similar to carry on camping in that it involves a group of holidaymakers descending on a 'caravan' site .
for example , there is a scene in which van damme drives a car out of a window .
well , whoever put that trailer together should be fired , because in terms of pure entertainment , frequency is one of the best of the year thus far .
about an hour into tenebrae the story takes an unexpected twist which , properly handled , could have proved ingenious .
this eqsuisite , beautiful film is a rare gem .
i figured it would be at least a couple of months before i saw the worst film of 1998 , but alas , it has already been found .
now she's back , starring in what could be called a modern-day cinderella fable - " never been kissed . "
we all have our prwhen a man calls in to veterinarian abby's talk radio show wanting to know how to get the roller skates off his basset hound .
volcano had implausibilities up the wazoo , but it was still rather fun to watch .
sometimes it's a character sketch .
the storyline gives us a number of paper-thin characters in contrived circumstances .
then they all die and a star blows up or something , but i really wasn't paying much attention by then .
you're all familiar with the plot because you've seen it at least a million times before ; everyone picks on the hero until he shows a hidden talent and leads the underdog team to victory over the champions , in the process not only winning the respect of his teammates but also getting the woman he loves .
already proving major talent with relatively few big- and small-screen roles , she's the sole reason this overcooked souffle isn't completely fit for the garbage disposal , looking smashing in her todd oldham-designed duds and investing much more in her perfunctory part than she ever gets in return .
carpenter manages to give us a powerful opening scene , showing a mining train rushing through the martian night to the sound of music with a heavy beat .
ben stiller plays stahl , a young author who arrives in l . a . with ambition and a nasty drug habit .
now , he has followed in the footsteps of director john woo , ( who launched chow's super stardom in the acclaimed 'a better tomorrow' ) by moving to hollywood .
tectonic plates opens by introducing us to madeleine ( marie gignac ) , an art student studying in montreal who has fallen in love with her professor , jacques ( lapage ) .
the marx brothers knew it .
jack douglas plays a milder version of his excruciatingly annoying on-screen persona and kenneth williams is given a rather mundane part .
the difference between the classic dickens novel and this 1998 adaptation is that the dickens novel is ripe with deep and timeless themes about class struggle and love , whereas great expectations ( 1998 ) is more artsy , less complicated story about a 1990s artist dealing with a lifetime tease .
i do , however , always go into one of these with an open mind , and the ninth film in the series , " star trek : insurrection , " is no exception .
they could make a whole movie , just about the fad king , and i'd go see it .
and like most of his previous roles , his character is a shallow , one-dimensional thug whose modus operandi is to talk tough , hassle a few hapless people , find out what he needs to know , and then dispense his own kind of justice .
even with two good actors , and a solid actress , they only manage to weaken the story .
wag the dog succeeds because it's based one great truth : the american people are stupid .
also , bacon's duquette feels simultaneously underdeveloped and overwritten .
it's like something you chase for so long , but then you don't know how to react when you get it .
maybe i am and maybe director sam raimi is as well to create such an enigma of a movie .
it is a film that will be discussed and debated for years to come .
john cusack plays a puppeteer trying to make it to the big time .
but what has he become ?
( it reminds me of the way the flash runs in the comic books , leaving a half-blurred trail of images of himself behind . )
we follow them through their roller coaster lives , thrown out of whack even more by the recent killings .
it was a constantly mind-moving and personal movie with lovely scenes of ireland .
in addition to liotta and hewitt , the cast includes sigourney weaver , gene hackman , jason lee , nora dunn and anne bancroft .
while this story does tie into the main plot and pays off interestingly in the end , it is nowhere near as involving or exciting as the borg battles on the enterprise .
thank jan de bont for that : proving for the third time that speed was a fluke , in that it was actually enjoyable , de bont has served up another ride , sans thrill .
the only problem : gwen and eddie have gone through a nasty separation , and the press and public have not been forgiving ( think meg and dennis ) .
my only major quibble with " gladiator " is its stylized look .
set in west cannan , texas , the film examines the small town obsession with high school football through the eyes of second string quarterback john " mox " moxon ( van der beek ) .
the other actors involved merely play stereotypes of one sort or another .
example : the other day my mother asked me ( the expert , of course ) if there were any movies out worth seeing , never mind that our tastes couldn't be more divergent--- i'll never forget the day she recommended that i go see a night at the roxbury for god sakes , and to be fair she was mightily pissed at me for telling her that go !
" okay , there is only one option now .
strike one was the fact that someone had scrawled the word garbage on the videotape's sticker in black marker ( not typically a good sign when you rent a film ) .
then , after cage gets his gun , gandolfini then decides it would be best to go around to the other side of the car .
maggie follows lucas outside of the pep rally .
critics were proclaiming it " hilarious " and a " dead-on parody of mob movies " .
much of the success of planet of the apes goes to burton's technical crew , especially production designer rick heinrichs and the legendary rick baker who created the ape makeup .
suspense cliche number one also occurs : whenever someone is stalked in thrillers , by any means , if the stalked has a pet , that pet will die .
it's brilliant , funny , naughty and extremely poignant .
the designated monkey explains the plot by jumping up and down on clark's desk while flailing his arms and shrieking .
delpy's injection of class into an otherwise classless production raises the specter of what this film could have been with a better script and a better cast surrounding her .
minnie driver ( last seen in grosse pointe blank ) adds another strong performance to a growing resume ( and it's refreshing that she was allowed to keep her british accent rather than having to attempt an american one ) .
while in alien , the crew has to cope with a ferocious creature while encased within tight spaces , in event horizon , the forces which goes against the crew is undefined but yet so powerful and horrifying .
director bob clark captures the look and feel of the era with wonderful technicality .
set in the 50s , the story revolves around 3 policemen of vivid personalities .
this is the last meal your mother ever made ! "
formulaic and light as a feather , _six_days , _seven_nights_ could be cited as a classic example of the summer " popcorn " movie season's lack of substance .
as he tries to persuasively make the same case all the other pimps in the film make ; that the girls need them to show them the ropes , how to make money , to be their security blankets , protectors , and counselors .
it made me want to gag .
in fact , one of the sources of conflict in the film is motss's increasing restlessness with the idea of not being able to take credit for producing the fake war ; in his mind , it is the greatest work of art he has ever created .
one lengthy and elaborate sequence featuring an " evil " bulldozer destroying a small town in search of its " prey " is very well done .
and he also strikes a relationship with black girl nina ( berry . )
also , like mel gibson's epic , " gladiator " has a primarily visceral appeal and is driven forward by the hero's anger .
america's sweethearts' jokes aren't funny , its pace is choppy , and the whole affair comes off as a vanity project -- not for headlining star julia roberts -- but for billy crystal to deliver a bunch of lame punch lines that he wrote himself .
will they finally kiss ?
the dogs are pretty cute--try making a puppy look otherwise--but that's pretty much all they are .
once the film makes it evident that turning the u . s . bombers will be impossible , the question becomes what the * consequences * of destroying moscow will be .
actually , the starbuck's thing gets even worse .
billy crystal and co-writer peter tolan have concocted a sly , provocative premise and , as the opening credits roll , it's obvious that they're attempting an old-fashioned romantic comedy .
in this film , tom cruise is basically omniscient ( believe that ? ) and so there's no fun going on here whatsoever .
but for those who make the bid , the prince of egypt can be a great watch .
they have tickets , they lose them .
lombardo , who maintains his innocence , hires neck brace-sporting , opportunistic lawyer ken bowden ( bill murray ) to defend him in court .
as the mystery begins to unfold , zero's deductions lead the plot in interesting directions , but never lose the viewer .
this movie has not made me change my opinion about director paul anderson , whose last epic event horizon has left an unusually bitter taste in my mouth .
so to hell with webster's -- " chicken run " is one of the funnest movies i've seen in a while .
alda's comic elixir is smooth and refreshing--and a welcome change of pace from the usual summer fare .
tibbs is a man who rarely loses his temper and that is worth mentioning because he is constantly facing abuse from those around him .
however , the film doesn't keep the mystery for long , and once the big 'secret' is out concerning kevin dunne , the film is at a dead end .
sadly for copycat , though tightly scripted and nicely plot , is still at heart , a typical hollywood thriller .
he has a nice sarcastic wit and the rough edges that you expect from most clooney characters .
neither the picture of women , nor their picture of men , is truly representative , but the point is that both sets of generalizations are telling in their own way .
the story goes like this .
she is sour , downbeat , and dreadfully dull with her forced dialogue , and dumb moves .
this triggers the lab's last-ditch defense mechanism , an atomic bomb .
essentially , life is beautiful is quite possibly the greatest hoax in the history of film .
even director lawrence kasdan ( body heat , 1981 ) makes an appearance as a doctor .
at least change the clothes , jimmy ! ) , zero scares , zero thrills and even less actual drama , and you've got yourself a pretty bad movie .
1 : 30 - pg for some bullying and crude humor
and if this film had anything poignant to say , you would have , which makes you all the angrier at the numerous missed opportunities .
it does however , prove to be a refreshing follow-up within the genre , full of visual thrills , suspense and believe it or not  humour !
he is also very dumb and impressionable .
misguided ?
the scene feels like an afterthought , its emotion manipulative and shallow .
don't get me wrong here , when they do speak it's entertaining to hear , but there are many instances where both are silent for long periods of time .
gibson=92s break-down on the balcony of their penthouse apartment is especially effective .
there are also a number of unrelated vignettes appearing throughout the film , which help to illustrate and accentuate the role of food in people's lives .
granted that there ? ? ? s stabbin-a-plenty going on throughout , but there ? ? ? s considerably less blood , less gore .
all that body hair is a real turn on , it's a pity more leading men don't wear it on screen .
mona's son , jeff ( marcus thomas ) is a simpleton , hence you can predict his dialogue before it even plods its way from his mouth .
unfortunately , to get to the good stuff you have to sit through a painfully long set-up , loads of tedious filler , interminable shots of jeff goldblum stammering and twitching , a superfluous romantic subplot and quite possibly the most annoying performance of robert loggia's career .
one contrived situation follows another , lathered with enough stale one- liners to supply a dozen would-be comics on open-mike night at the local comedy club .
there are a variety of different very memorable set pieces that will stay with me forever .
the sound and screen kicked ass .
but not everyone is enchanted .
what's more , he doesn't even want his music to go anywhere without him : when a record company hears about his talents , they come on board to make a record of his music , but after finding out that -- gasp !
we first see that all of the senior girls are smitten with the handsome guidance counselor , but none more than kelly .
however , the offbeat horror element which it ultimately convey audiences is very disturbing .
you see , this movie has barely any violence in it and even less blood or gore .
one night , the two travel to a circus , where they have their fortune told ? one of the film's most delightful scenes ? that great happiness is destined for them .
slow and plodding , this project is a total mess .
only person you didn't suspect !
though the conclusion kept my interest for a mere 5 minutes , it backs down again and continues to move at a snails pace .
patch could be a poster boy for co-dependency .
as my giant lumbers to its inevitable conclusion , however , director michael lehmann ( who did a great job directing the underrated hudson hawk ) and scriptwriter david seltzer pile on every cliche imaginable , each one intended specifically to pull at our heartstrings .
magruder has just won a high profile case and celebrates that night with a catered party at his office .
it has some genuinely well-staged action sequences .
even donald sutherland as a co-star can't save this movie from being a bust .
it's one of those movies that only the french seem to make anymore - no big plot , no special effects , no gunplay , no tragic consequences , no forced examinations of the nature of love , and no insights into the nature of evil .
nor will you care .
junior ======
ringwald is simply unbearable and is easily the weakest link in the chain .
they both do fine with their roles : he's a bored columnist with the chicago chronicle and she's a hotshot " cub " reporter with the chicago globe .
nothing is difficult , plausible , or believable in any of the angels' actions .
kevin beacon is the only one that performs gracefully .
on the flipside , films such as you've got mail , made in heaven , and even high fidelity are the quiet inspirations for the film's main journey at hand .
this one belongs in saturday morning cartoons . . .
of course .
flik , cutely voiced by newsradio's david foley , hates sticking too tradition and attempts too find new ways of harvesting food and other task .
skipping over to the acting : the fact that judd is more of a looker than an actress ( no offense , she has been good [simon birch] and even very good to great [kiss the girls] at times , in the past and i believe may have the potential to be better . . .
everybody gets in on the shtick .
just as unlikely .
this is not a completely thoughtless film and director peter ho-sun chan does a good job of portraying helen's yearnings and various subtle complexities .
but in today's industry , it doesn't even look finished .
the photography is colorful and the music is very agreeable .
" virus " mostly takes place on a large , abandoned cruiser , and mostly at night until the dawn , and mostly without the use of lights , not so much for the productivity of the alien creatures in their pursuit of their human prey , but more so because , as the hollywood cliche seems to go , " if it's dark enough , then the special effects will be more believable . "
jerry , obviously determined to continually seek out the truth , continues to research information for his next conspiracy theory , which will be printed in his newsletter ( same title as the movie ) .
the facial features are more detailed than any computer-animation seen to date , but the result is more reminiscent of a very well-crafted doll than anything human .
keanu reeves might have the emotional range of a tree stump . . . but
it is the kingpin who pulls the strings that will control bennet's life .
both are suitably melancholy , fitting in with the rest of the film .
all these necessary `disclaiming' elements should go to show just how vast the story of the `star wars' series is and this individual film itself .
lawerence gives a good eddie murphy performance , and robbin's is alright aswell .
despite this fact , i surely hope that the audience members who have seen this film will tell their friends about it .
it's about to expire .
he has much to learn , and will do anything to seek out this kind of knowledge .
jon voight plays leo f . drummond , the intimidating and arrogant leader of the all-powerful insurance company's team of lawyers who will do anything to oppose justice .
it works as a dry comedy , which it does not overplay .
the story and script ( both by cameron ) are both weak .
they need to make themselves physical , so they use a space station to get onto a ship ( which is surrounded by water , but who cares about that ) .
they also are wanna-be contenders , but neither has had much success .
there is one small quake then another quake .
.
the film's only fault is that it's a bit tiering and overloaded with too much political material and legal maneuvers .
" fail-safe " is a production of a major hollywood studio ( released by columbia pictures ) , and it has the structure of a high-tension suspense thriller that one might expect from a hollywood film .
roberto benigni ( who also wrote and directed the movie ) stars as guido orefice , a chaplin-inspired clown and all round jolly guy who , as the film opens , is vying for the affections of an attractive school teacher ( nicoletta braschi , benigni real life spouse ) .
the sports car belongs to rick magruder ( kenneth branagh ) , the aforementioned hotshot attorney who specializes in police brutality cases .
there is a certain sameness to the responses that he is getting .
what he finds in the basement of an old , abandoned church is a dying boy with a horrifying , jagged-stitched incision from his neck to his navel , plus hundreds of other mutilated bodies , stitched together on the walls and ceiling like a disgusting tapestry .
but the most important secondary performers are leonor varela and brendan gleeson , both outstanding as two wounded activists .
arguably the best dramatic work in the actor's career ( alongside what he did in the fisher king ) , williams' portrayal could earn him a best supporting actor oscar nomination .
some of the dialogue in antz pushes the envelope for a family-oriented film .
now , i enjoy a good looking male body as much as the next gay guy , but what the hell is beefcake doing in a t&a flick aimed at heterosexual males ?
and as we all know , every police station , past , present , or future , keeps a healthy supply on hand .
bubby intuits from his father's arrival that the air outside is breathable : he leaves the apartment , his past , his world , behind .
zeta-jones's vain , narcissistic diva is undeveloped and one-dimensional .
with great film comedies under his belt from when harry met sally ? to the original city slickers , billy crystal has shown that he's more than the world's best oscar host .
writing this only two days after seeing the film , its a struggle to remember the events .
in alien , it was , of course , the moment the alien burst out of kane's stomach .
that's true of home alone 2 and i'd bet money that it's true of home alone 3 ( opening soon ) .
? the center of the film is the spice girls themselves : ginger ( the recently departed geri haliwell ) , posh ( victoria adams ) , sporty ( melanie chisolm ) , scary ( melanie brown ) , and baby ( emma bunton ) .
after meeting up with leia , the film really picks up .
there are plenty of memorable moments in `a christmas story' .
his lusty supervisor ( michele laroque ) is so intrigued that she wonders if , perhaps , she could change his sexual preferences .
there are very few _people_ in the tale .
this is so much exactly what this little film is about that it's campy .
living in a concentration camp-like atmosphere , they are led by one plucky hen called ginger ( voice of julia sawalha ) who continually comes up with plans for escape -- and always gets caught , subsequently spending day after day in the coal box .
everything else in this movie was pointless , boring and just plain stupid .
at this point the movie plot thickens considerably as she is romantically involved with the president's spiritual advisor .
we see the humans either separated from the apes or fighting them .
starts .
for what ?
a strange but therefore very interesting carry on film .
avoid " starship troopers " at all costs .
perhaps watching alien 3 on video helped .
it is accompanied with the use of holst and debussy .
jackie finds herself in a tight squeeze .
in this new 1998 version of great expectations a poor florida lad named finn ( ethan hawke ) with a talent for drawing has an early memory of helping an escaped convict ( robert de niro ) .
this goes on for the rest of the film .
if elliot's wish doesn't go exactly the way he likes , he need only 'beep' her ( one guess as to what the three-digit number is ) and he gets to start over .
the author of this review never liked this actress very much , but she was at least tolerable in some of her roles .
jean-claude van damme movies tend to be , if nothing else , a lot of mindless fun .
well , it's hard to say .
there's a once-ever-5000-years alignment of planets coming up , and the illuminati have to find both halves of an ancient triangle that controls time in order to take over the world .
the irony here is groeteschele's own mechanical theorizing .
it shares their previous films' strong sense of time and place , as well as their send-ups of movie genres and political and cultural ideologies .
if only austin powers : the spy who shagged me had been just half as original , zany , silly and totally enjoyable as its predecessor , it would have easily been one of this summer's biggest pleasures .
maybe it will work for some people .
come on hollywood , surprise me .
nicholson is fantastic , portraying black with rare subtlety and animus ; jerry's gradual descent into obsession is like a car wreck , a thing horrible to look at but impossible to turn away from .
rudnick's script is heavily laced with wit and humor , and you'll likely find yourself laughing out loud for a solid ninety minutes .
almost everyone i saw the movie with felt the same way .
antz begins with a hilarious monologue which seems a meld between woody allen's shtick and franz kafka's metamorphosis , the short story of a man who wakes up to discover himself as a bug .
but all that is just in preparation for the ending , which is inexcusably awful .
bored kids daydream and bored kids deprived of a heroin fix have nightmares .
leonardo decaprio ( what's eating gilbert grape ) and claire danes ( tv's my so called life ) star in director baz luhrmann's modernized version of william shakespeare's classic , romeo & juliet .
and a truckload of empty comedic bullet shells , and you've got yourself an extremely quiet audience anticipating punch lines that never quite materialize .
this sunday afternoon i had the priviledge of attending a private screening at the sony astor cinema in new york city , of james cameron's most heralded film , titanic .
wow .
as if reservoir dogs wasn't perfect , tarantino went ahead and improved on perfection by creating pulp fiction , a fast-paced , hard talking , roller coaster ride of a movie that combines violence and extraordinary dialogue in a seemingly perfect way .
the plot might have been a pleasant change from the usual rule-the-world so often found in the james bond movies of the 70s , but here we get a confused mismash about a fabled assassin , francisco scaramanga ( christopher lee , putting in a performance which is one of the rare saving graces of this movie ) who someone has apparently payed one million dollars to in order to remove roger moore's 007 .
so begins our tale of obsession . . .
we learn he has been denied a recommendation for his own command by his superior ( bill paxton ) .
most are unnecessarily complicated , and others have no sense of expediency -- the thrill-ride effect gets lost in the cumbersome plot .
but i guess that no matter what i or other critics say or write , most of you will see this film anyway , even if the tagline would say : " some films are just born stupid " .
joel gets around to her occasionally and when she's on , she does stupid stuff . . . although
inspired by the 1958 film house on haunted hill starring vincent price .
ben wants nothing to do with vitti , as he's about to get married to laura macnamara ( kudrow ) and having a gangster as a patient wouldn't really help .
the humans seem to move to 'smoothly' , there's just something odd about them .
the film opens as meir rises at dawn and goes through his prayer ritual , where every prayer is made to the virtues of god .
the words " family entertainment " have never been a stamp of quality , but might joe young is just a silly special effects movie pretending to have a heart .
but after the dauntingly slow gloom and doom of fincher's alien3 , jeunet's resurrection is a welcome return to its roots as a wild , reckless thrill ride .
there you have a heartbeat , and emotional draw that doesn't let the audience catch its breath .
it's the film for you and your family .
he smokes a lot of pot , drinks a lot of white russians , and is more than content to spend the majority of his time bowling with his two buddies , a slightly psychotic vietnam vet named walter sobchak ( john goodman ) and donny ( steve buscemi ) , one of those guys who always wants to be part of the conversation , but never quite makes it in .
false scares should always be used in moderation .
it starts out with kermit in a swamp , playing his banjo and singing ( this shot required jim henson to spend hours underwater ) .
i thought stripes would be different .
in addition to the above characters the film also features jonathan pryce and michael lonsdale ( the latter of moonraker and of the superior thriller the day of the jackal ) .
it is not to be taken as a record of the holocaust .
okay , he's working from a book , so maybe ollie's not totally to blame for blatantly copping these ideas .
when he's taken to heaven prematurely by bumbling angel keyes ( eugene levy , " best in show " ) , his only recourse is to return in another body .
there's a segment where one of the thieves shows another his cool fake fingerprint trick .
at first , we have a buddy road picture as our two heroes , in grace's " sassy grassy " green muscle car , travel through the desert to vegas in order to make the fight scheduled for that day .
a c movie ; worth 2 . 50 if you can find it .
any local hood could have done what gal is needed for .
the love story itself is rather conventional .
the movie's problem is not murphy's direction : harlem nights is a fairly good looking film .
jungian archetypes , these two opposites need each other to create a whole , but it's difficult to integrate both .
as it turned out , my expectations were completely nullified and turned topsy-turvy .
aw forget it .
this one-joke movie's single idea is to place real-life basketball player gheorghe muresan , who stands seven and a half feet tall , into as many visually striking situations as possible .
trading cards onto the floor and based his story on the ones that landed face up .
despite their bickering , the characters have real affection for each other , providing a welcome respite from the non-stop barrage of insults that marked their previous three films together .
writer steven e . desouza's fairly straightforward plotline isn't as outre as _double_team_'s strange yarn involving a secret think tank/prison , but it makes about as much sense , which is little .
so when the night of the show comes , will the men be able to do the " full monty " ?
the most successful at this is liam neeson who , as qui-gon jinn , a jedi master to young obi-wan kenobi , has quiet dignity and a wise , commanding presence .
less than salutory results .
president james marshall ( harrison ford ) is fed up with terrorist activities .
visually , it's an exciting rush of adrenaline .
instead the movie goes on for a torturous twenty minutes that seem a lot longer than that .
* = what were they thinking ? ?
paul sarossy who directs spent most of his career as a cinematographer and like the kingpin's lair , he has molded images of class and style out of the darkness .
it is mostly the pimps who do the talking for their ho's , and the egotistical and flamboyant way you would expect them to be , is what you get .
the problem is , by the time they reach the argonautica , the titanic-like luxury liner has turned into the marie celeste .
groeteschele realizes that these weapons can destroy the world several times over .
and oh what a reality it is .
as lamely directed by michael lehmann , the picture tries to be a comedy by using and reusing every giant joke in the book .
the story also fails to generate any kind of emotion .
but the scenes cameron directs especially well are the disaster scenes at the end .
therefore , guido tells him , he must remain hidden in the barracks .
holding her own is heche , whose scrappy character never becomes the screaming ninny she initially promises to be ( as the plane goes down , she frantically pops stress pills ) .
we're watching a crazed rickshaw race with schneider being bounced along by an energetic van damme .
now , not yet 21 years old , he has accumulated an impressive rap sheet .
mostow directs the action sequences well enough , however .
and that can only go so far , no matter how hard the talent tries .
he leers and sneers , craning his neck to funny effect .
i have to laugh .
i don't like writing plot descriptions ( it is , by far , the most boring part of writing a review ) , but , in this case , i'm off the hook : there is no way i could write an accurate synopsis for knock off .
second of all , angelina jolie is horribly miscast in this part .
o'donnell and zellweger are cute together , and the supporting cast tries relentlessly to rescue the film from drowning in it's own mediocrity .
and the final shot is shot perfectly , creating an image of a car crash , and a couple having sex in front of it , despite the fact that she's wounded .
" lumumba " is a solid , interesting , educational and honest docudrama that should appeal to film buffs and politicos , both .
it catches your attention .
ted teaches his young neighbor about the wonders of literature ( after his cheapskate mother gives him a library card for his birthday ) , dispenses prophetic words of wisdom and even pays bobby one dollar a week to read him the local newspaper and keep his eyes peeled for the low men , a group of people chasing ted to exploit his special powers .
when they start to sing ) , and an assorted number of musical performances , press conferences , and general all-around celebrity stuff .
a brief glance at the plot to silence of the lambs , with which this film is constantly being compared to by the hype merchants , may suggest lambs also has a fairly predictable story .
it must have _original_ action sequences that are designed to thrill .
during one of many arguments with her free-spirited mom , they go for ice cream and while mother is being ticketed , she runs away , only to be chased down by friendly traffic cop ( michael milhoan ) , who offers her wise counsel .
this new aspect of mr . tarantino's storytelling is probably best embodied in a single character -- that of the world-weary , sensitive , and exceedingly-professional max cherry , whose unspoken attraction to jackie is touching .
committed to lifelong learning through effective communication
sadly out of the literally hundreds made , i would estimate that maybe three are at all worth while .
then there was the dog . . . . . i
the other characters are walking cardboard cutouts .
judging from the video box , most other movie critics agree with me .
the opening scene in the coffee shop starts the movie off on a high note the rest of it doesn't live up to , as the criminals plus joe have a conversation on , among other things , tipping philosophies and their interpretations of madonna's " like a virgin . "
claudia ( lauren holly ) is a small town waitress who is feeling stifled by her life .
attempts at characterization fall apart .
when austin gets wind of this ( after a great intro explaining the absence of elizabeth hurley's vanessa kensington ) , he too travels back in time to re-claim his sexual drive , accompanied by the hot-to-trot felicity shagwell , played by heather graham .
we are given the notion that an ultimate battle must occur between the forces of magic and those of technology .
critique : i did not laugh once during this entire picture .
a remake of the 1978 warren beatty vehicle " heaven can wait " ( which in turn was a remake of " here comes mr . jordan " ) , " down to earth " tells the tale of lance barton ( chris rock , " lethal weapon iv " ) , a young black standup comic trying to win over the audience at harlem's apollo theater .
carolyn burnham is a woman who has become so insecure as to be caught up in maintaining the facade of normalcy .
but don't let that fool you : disney is definitely not scared .
the cartoonish dialogue and implausible subplot ( a general possesses the antidote to a supervirus called heat-16 which he wishes to unleash to enslave the world ) do not help matters .
with plot twists galore and hilarious dark moments , this is sure to entertain .
the other performances are all terrific , with standouts from furlong , d'angelo , and lien .
no , wait .
two other important characters are also introduced : dr . daniel p . schreber ( sutherland ) , a neurotic psychiatrist who claims to be john's doctor ; and emma murdoch ( connelly ) , a jazz singer dolled up to look like a caraciture right out of the old dick tracy serials or any given leading lady of the old film-noir movies .
signy coleman as dietz's love interest , is , on the other hand , quite miscast .
and i don't mean illogical in the summer popcorn movie sense .
of the central characters , she is the only one that exhibits maturity and genuine self-confidence .
in the film's final interviews with park , we learn what happens when the money dries up and backers don't return phone calls .
kewl . . . now
skipping a few moderately useless sex scenes ( getting the question out of the way , yes , we get to see angelina jolie's breasts again ) , the girl turns out to be a con artist , swindles boy for his money , and heads for the hills .
in strictly textbook fashion , college sophomore and aspiring chef al ( prinze jr . ) meets freshman artist imogen ( julia stiles ) .
the happy bastard's quick movie review
never for once , was it trying to be manipulative at all , the full monty was true to itself all the way .
in wild wild west he's required to exude eastwood cool and amuse at the same time ( and from frame one ) , a difficult feat i'm not sure any living performer could pull off .
however , his change is sadly unbelievable .
roger moore ( the real james bond ) mockingly plays the cliche-spewing " chief " of the spice girls , and darn it all , he's fun to watch .
perhaps it's time for me to say a little about my reading habits .
well , there's some crazy chick singing soprano on the roof of a building next to a bus stop , and i assume that's who it was .
when james gives her a ride home , they almost get into another accident , and immeadiately afterwards , they go to an unbusy parking lot , and have a little quickie , as they were aroused by the accident .
while cross-examining suzie on the witness stand , bowden gets her to break down and admit that the alleged rapes never took place -- that kelly had concocted this entire scheme because she was angry that lombardo was sleeping with her mother and not with her .
she is one ? hot' babe who defines true ? woman leadership' .
this is an odd compromise , but it's one of the few elements that really work .
if for no other reason , you should see this movie to enjoy how far the computer technology has gone since those days .
i won't spend too much time on the plot .
from here on moviegoers should now be able to say , " let's go see the new russell crowe movie " .
this is one tough movie to swallow , no matter who you are , but that probably reflects more on how pallid and unchallenging movies have gotten lately .
of course , it might help that cameron introduces some pretty interesting characters to help keep our eyes glued to the screen .
accepting his oscar as producer of this year's best picture winner , saul zaentz remarked that his cup runneth over .
during this crucial scene we are also thrown a ridiculous red herring .
the co is very interested in pursuing an encounter with carly and sends hank off to observe an underground test which causes the irradiation of two local ranchers , much to the vocal objections of hank , who spots them but is unable to cancel the detonation of the bomb .
after glimpsing a melancholy beauty looking out from a dance studio window while on the train home from work , sugiyana ( koji yakusho ) decides after some trepidation to take up ballroom dance lessons in order to meet the woman who has stirred something in himself .
a sequel was inevitable ; fortunately , nearly the entire creative team has returned for scream 2 , including director wes craven , screenwriter kevin williamson , and actors neve campbell , courtney cox , david arquette , jamie kennedy , and liev schreiber .
columbia pictures has specifically requested that critics not reveal the film's ending , which prompts the question : which ending do they want kept secret ?
over black and white drawings , we are told that the earth is destroyed in an apocalyptic nuclear exchange , sending the remnants of humanity through generations of radiation-induced mutation .
snake eyes is supposed to be a mystery movie , and good mystery movies are supposed to leave you asking yourself questions on the way out of theater .
the title of this film refers to the shoe size of paul newman-10b , which really has nothing to do with explaining anything about the film . you
alda , faced with challenge of both directing and acting , somehow finds just the right comic touch as the bride's financially-strapped father , a carpenter whose dreams are bigger than his wallet .
the two go through therapy together , and when getting out , they run into eachother again .
with no interesting characters , no dramatic urgency , no tension , not one good moment of action , and no mesmerizing visuals , it's a wonder that it even got made .
a major difference is that " the matrix " has a base reality that is obviously the true reality , while existenz does the impossible and makes us accept the most bizarre reality ever as true .
terrorists have bombed the us embassy in hong kong , killing two american translators , and chief inspector lee ( jackie chan ) is handed the job of solving the crime .
too blitzed to even step foot on a plane , tomas hits the open road with kaisa .
bad .
sarah , in never talk to strangers , receives a package and , lo and behold , discovers her mutilated cat within .
well , this kid is the " event film " in my little analogy .
you can tell that the writer intended that something a little more airy was supposed to have been said , just no one figured out what .
dustin hoffman ( sphere ) has a small inhuman role as joan's conscience which begins speaking to her while awaiting trial .
neve campbell and starship trooper's denise richards getting it on ?
one of her first reactions to seeing hortense is a sincere denial that she has ever " been with a black man " , before a long-suppressed memory seizes her .
the other problem with the timing of heist is that it involves airport security and clever ways to get around them .
even when they were crawling through the desert and i thought the movie started to lag , he manages to keep the laughs coming .
but because of what this movie degenerates into , i have little or no respect , and got little or no enjoyment , out of it .
it's sweet , and it didn't make me restless at all , despite the fact that i usually hate love stories .
but even he is overshadowed by the young reese witherspoon .
will grenier like his new popularity and turn on his friends ?
bottom line : if you are compelled to see this movie , watch it on video so you can fast-forward to scenes with carroll o'connor and james belushi .
there's a lot of water , broken glass , gunfire , and explosions .
the entire feel of the movie is tongue-in-cheek , and seems to pay comical homage to a dozen or so films that have come before it .
visually there is much to like about this version , but the approach is to take an adventure after the style of gulliver's travels and treat it as an action film .
first we are introduced to a number of people who are going to be important later on in the movie .
kelly is your typical , rich , sexy , head cheerleader who thinks she can have any man she choses , like her sexpot mother sandra .
soon , harry is wading through a mystery where friendships and lives are on the line , and he no longer knows who to trust .
here he several of the characters are mesmerizing , but that characteristic is not really used .
enter nurse audrey ( marsha mason ) , who takes the dog and teddy for a ride .
i call it pretentious .
he may be playing the same character he plays in every film he's in ( like dead calm , 1988 ) but he does it really , really well .
ick . . . real
he does it because it's fun , i think , but the film opens with him getting caught because his car won't start .
" lebowski " has the same kind of crazed caricatures that made " raising arizona " such a hoot ; it has surrealistic dream sequences ( one of which involves a busby berkley-like dance number ) that characterized the ending of " barton fink " ; and it has the same kind of cartoonish look and feel that pervaded " the hudsucker proxy . "
in 1998 , director brett ratner and his stars , jackie chan and chris tucker , breathed new life into the buddy-action film genre with the cross-cultural " rush hour " - to the tune of about $250 million .
batman was a creepy , brooding creature of the night .
such as the oil tanker part . . . . . it was - " oh no , we're going to hit the oil tanker ! " ,
yet , beyond his annoying mannerisms , he's a lovable oaf .
there's much pumping of testosterone and chopping off of body parts in gruesome battle sequences .
chan's use of props when battling bad guys continues as he pulverizes his opponents with whatever item comes to hand , such as a trash bucket .
a beautiful woman ( gretchen mol ) who suddenly appears on the scene may hold the key to the mystery , which might unravel the horrifying truth about his own existence .
psychologist norman goodman ( dustin hoffman ) is called to the middle of the pacific ocean to work with the survivors of a plane crash .
the aliens in " 2001 " were more interesting and you didn't even see them !
the direction is fast , thrilling , and never holds up .
during their last phone conversation libby hears matty yell " daddy ! "
in an early scene , the men are sitting in a park talking with shanta and lenny ; political tension in the country is growing as the day of independence nears .
left me a bit cold , and i think it is something that bugs me quite often in films , particularly these days ; i just didn't care about the characters .
his latest job is a intelligence mission for powerful mining corporation that demands information about political climate in west african nation of zangaro .
is it a knock-off of silence of the lambs ?
a lot of the time , reservoir dogs seems like your typical gangster heist-gone-wrong movie , but there are a few sequences that are uniquely tarantino .
he has produce a gargantuan film that fails as an action film or as a social satire .
oh how i wish someone had stopped him . . .
you've seen it a million times before .
this strange group plunges into the woods , where they begin to argue about their different approaches to the experience .
because they aren't married , and because they're cousins , they run into problems with every place they go to , carrying around two children everywhere , and only staying in lodges for a very brief period of time , then moving on .
good role , ok performance .
he has them both be intelligent , articulate races battling for a dominance of the planet currently in the hands , uh , make that paws , of the apes .
my guess regarding the casting of african-american smith is a simple one : the actor + a cozy summertime release = big bucks for all those involved .
we've seen it before in passenger 57 , executive decision , and countless other flicks that are good in there own way .
clearly not for every taste , when approached with the correct paradigm , it is one of the most stunning and intensely fascinating films of the year : a redefinition of the hero archetype for a post-modern audience with urine-stained wool trench coats in place of blue tights and red capes .
it not only makes the movie feel a little too slanted , but it makes for a slow beginning because we have to take longer getting to the meat of the story .
heston and seldes are fun , as is jenna elfman as a sun valley bait and tackle salesgirl who brings porter and griffin to a halloween party .
definitely , when conspiracy theory hits theaters august 8th , make sure you are standing in line to see it .
even the best effects can't seem to save the most pathetic of movies these days .
all the big name stars in stripes ( and even larroquette ) fall victim to the lame , rehashed material and are never really likeable , murray in particular .
like any lame emsemble comedy , the officer assigns him to a group of misfits like the guy who wants to be kicked out , the fat guy who eats all the time , the beautiful woman who doesn't belong there ( lauren holly ) , the second-in-command who does everything by the book ( rob schneider ) , the crazy old guy who freaks everyone out ( harry dean stanton ) and so on .
it was therefore i was less than excited , when i went out to see to 'the thirteenth floor' .
but both show an incredible talent for this type of a picture .
aka siunin wong fei-hung tsi titmalau .
oliver stone's latest feature is the last one standing in the long line of biographies of american presidents .
feeling minnesota left me feeling used , and there's not much funny about that .
isn't that kind of along the same lines ?
but what is far from a letdown is the film as a whole , a wildly imaginative feast for the senses that does what all the best science fiction films do--create a universe unlike any other presented on the silver screen .
that is not to say that i found the film without considerable merit , that inspite of its shortcomings , it was worth seeing because of its visual statements , though they were also not too subtle , they were at least effective in setting up the intense mood that the film needed to show that there is a mental war going on currently , of those who believe one way is right and others who differ with them , and that anyone who is neutral must be considered an enemy because of their indifference .
right away he lets us know how vulnerable we all are floating in the ocean , and once " jaws " has attacked , it never relinquishes its grip .
that crack about direction by committee wasn't merely a pithy sound-bite .
calling them " princes of maine , kings of new england " in his ritualistic goodnight , mr . caine manages to communicate the love and commitment larch has towards these children without becoming maudlin or saccharine .
argento peels back the facade of showbiz and jetset lifestyles to reveal an amoral , ambivalent , shadowy world where desire in all its forms has become a dangerous business .
they beckon the names of men as the targets of their love spells .
they discover that an alien lifeform has arisen from the rock and is evolving at an amazing rate .
what makes it all the more remarkable is that i rarely remember a comedy making me so angry for wasting my time at it's ineptitude .
but now , it's a different story .
four of those times were on the big screen , but even on a tv , it's a very impressive film .
i believe this is the first appearance of this film on any home video format so any condition at all is fine with me .
beck's wife has just divorced him , and she is cutting him off from their children .
dafoe and madonna have a lot of sex in this movie .
we're not left to our own emotional decisions : we're hit over the head with them .
but , while giles' affection runs deep , ronnie's feelings are less constant .
( carter has a problem , through most of the film , with hitting a woman , but this falls aside with their eventual one-on-one melee at the conclusion . )
that's a concept that tsui can't seem to grasp .
but of course tom is more than willing to save the day , so he takes the money and hides it elsewhere in town .
i saw this in a packed cinema on opening night and the audience barely laughed at all .
most of the time , there are plenty of quality offerings on the marketplace that are more deserving of our money and besides , the " let's go laugh at the failings of others " mindset reflects an elitism that makes me uncomfortable .
in particular , we got nick nolte as one hard-ass texas ranger , powers boothe as the drug kingpin , michael ironsides as the leader of the secret army , and rip torn as the local sheriff .
which raises the big questions : how do we deal with pain ?
ebouaney is dynamic , radiating his character's fierce passion for his people and his country .
disney's 35th animated feature-- a retooling of the olympian legend crossed with , well , the superman story-- is surprisingly soft at the center .
this dog of flanders may only be a little `family' movie ( it probably won't be a big hit in the style of titanic , but then again no other film has been since then ) , but that is not a bad thing in and of itself .
which leaves me the option of vaguely agreeing with my fellow critics -- " return to me " was old-fashioned in the sense that it reminded me of the way the younger generation perceive venerated old hollywood magic , the way i perceive cinnamon spice and apple cider .
when people talk about the great teen angst films of the 80s , you hear john hughes this and john hughes that .
the rest of the cast is equally impressive .
the message seemed to be " ignore your responsibilities unrepentantly and have fun fucking who you wish . "
non-spoiler : incidentally , the tale of the 47 ronin has been filmed multiple times , usually under the title chushingura or as the 47 ronin .
the effort involved in " lumumba " is quite ambitious as peck and his crew before and behind the camera strive to bring to life this slice of world history that might have gone unexplored for decades , if at all .
disappointing is barely the word .
each one is defined by one trait and no further attempt is made at deeper characterization .
tenebrae is also marred by annoying little inconsistencies .
the dude is played by jeff bridges -- one of hollywood's most underrated actors -- in the best stoned performance since sean penn stumbled through the halls of ridgemont high .
sphere a film review by michael redman copyright 1998 by michael redman
their lone suspect is wayland ( tim roth ) , a wealthy young man whose phone number was found in the hooker's pocket .
since seeing the film , i have been asking people if they have seen gattaca .
the dialogue is probably the worst i have ever seen in any movie , mainly because the whole movie depends on the boring script and the ridiculous words these characters use is what hollywood thinks kids can relate to .
the writer seemed to be attempting to make a smart action movie , but failed to understand that just because there are surprises , it doesn't add too the credibility of a senseless script .
come on .
although libby never leaps from a bus that collides with a train , she manages to get into a few nail-biters -- chased down the beach by a jeep , chained to a car that plunges into the ocean , sealed in a coffin -- that add some much needed thrills to an anemic , slow-moving script .
you won't " know " what happened when it's over , though there are certainly enough clues with which to make some reasonable guesses .
unfortunately , there's a giant roadblock set up in our culture that only certain people can get through while the rest of us mill around outside , feeling sorry for ourselves .
i mention this scene because it was the only moment in the whole damned production that made me smile .
she dominates the screen , producing a character that is compelling and arresting , as we watch the character go through two decades of history via flashbacks .
54 can't even measure up to the last days of disco , which is flawed , but still smart and entertaining .
the main plot and all its accompanying side-plots and coenesque diatribes are far too complicated to get into here .
president martin van buren ( nigel hawthorne ) is willing to force the result towards his own political ends .
sometimes it results in comedy , and sometimes it turns out to be subtle and truly touching .
when indy first falls in the well of souls and is face to face with the cobra , you can see the snake's reflection on the glass dividing it and harrison ford , also some fingerprints and stuff like that .
they know not who she is , but that doesn't matter .
when it all comes down , this is just another rarely entertaining formula killathon , albeit one that feels no need to indulge in gratuitous profanity .
even the artwork , another disney strong point , varies greatly in quality , making any story problems even more obvious .
and if anyone ever questions the difference between real drama and a laughable potboiler , show them " original sin . "
while tasteless , it didn+t cross any lines , at least not with me .
six hundred and forty thousand people in a matriarchal society live and work at outposts all over the red planet , terra-forming to make it more hospitable for future generations .
some important and interesting philosophical questions are raised -- what is real ?
soon , however , when it's apparent that no one is on board and that the ship has no power , they realize that something bad must have happened .
you especially get this sense that he's dumb after brandi tells him she killed her husband for allegedly abusing her .
close-up thrill-shots such as these seemed to elicit more laughter from the audience rather than genuine fear , which is a pretty good sign that you're not watching the thriller that the director had originally envisioned .
it may not have as many twists and turns as some of the classics , but it has much more than a lot of what passes for film these days .
now alien 3 is out .
his uncle ( also in the west ) sneaks meier out of the country , unknown to the east germans .
there was just no energy or spark or anything relevant in this superficial film to keep it interesting , though adrien brody showed signs that he could be a future star .
figuring that as long as homer was going to stay at the orphanage , he might as well be of use , dr . larch begins teaching him all he knows about obstetrics .
he even gets a bee sting .
" shrek " takes great pleasure in lampooning fairy tales and nursery rhymes of all sorts , and reserves a few delightful knocks at disney in the bargain .
as a man who just wants out , wahlberg is focused , subtle and sly .
shepard's first-hand commentary of several situations is not only downright hilarious , but also witty and warm , with various metaphorical meanings that ring perfectly with the essence of comic timing .
demme's matter-of-fact handling of this supernatural element is just one of _beloved_'s intriguing aspects .
there's no snap to make the film work , it moves at a plod .
in that respect it strongly recalls his previous giallo deep red/profondo rosso ( the full-length italian language version ) and fans will enjoy spotting the recurring themes .
forgive the fevered criticism but the fervor of the crucible infects .
perhaps it wouldn't feel so contrived if it weren't shot in such a tasteful manner .
the camera zooms in incredibly close .
it's one of the most memorable moments , as the speech reflects exactly what is going on with the dog .
it+s not that the atrocities are trivialized , far from it .
johnson succeeds in giving his character a sarcastic sense of humor and a hint of depth , and his pessimistic wisecracks occasionally bring the film to life .
since these two rich kids are so bored , they only thing they can do is challenge each other with meaningless sexual liaisons .
i nick lyons ?
he is indoctrinated with the big rules .
julie james ( jennifer love hewitt ) and ray bronson ( freddie prinze jr . ) are back from the original to star in i still know , reprising their roles in typical fashion .
it contains the film in both full frame and in its original theatrical aspect ratio of 1 . 85 : 1 , cast and crew info , and special dvd-rom features .
the director holds nixon responsible for everything he has done .
i guess what the filmmaker is trying to say , is that mom is a bad dreamer and the daughter is the observant one , able to recognize mother's faults when not in growing pains and in need of parenting herself .
the script is exuberant , the actors are absolutely top- notch , and we're allowed just the perfect blend of heart-tugging so as not to bog down the laughs .
since every character is one-dimensionally written , no one's acting abilities are challenged in any way .
rea talks us through it , beautifully , and owens drags us though it , admirably , and , in tandem with jordan's sure hand , theirs are contributions to make " the butcher boy " a film worth savoring .
though hollywood is a movie producing machine , the business of moviemaking has to be about something more than money .
indeed , the whole cast gives warmly rounded , detailed performances .
" trumpet of the swan " is receiving a regional theatrical release , but is sure to quickly appear on home video .
the film , however , is all good .
it's full of all the road movie cliches , and even has a 'comedy' car chase , which just seemed so eighties .
strangelove ( or how i learned to stop worrying and love the bomb ) .
a good joke , but a stolen one .
so , obviously , his appearance in " phantom menace " is meant to stir some echoes of his later role in the series , thus making his role here more meaningful .
walsh is a nonentity , with all the screen presence of a door knob .
this film is based on the campy tv show from the 1960's under the same appellation .
the attempt to be family oriented is commendable , but lost in space is lost with the illusion that special effects and the nostalgia of a classic tv series being revisited is enough to satisfy all age groups .
it's always a bad sign when the core audience of a film -- children -- are either walking out early or are half-asleep when the credits roll at the end of a film .
like puzo , grisham is a better storyteller than a writer - unlike fellow hack michael crichton , who is a good idea man but who can't tell a well-constructed story from a can of spam .
four writers are credited with contributing to the story .
this thought alone helped me survive watchers reborn with a smile on my face .
he funds this aquarium with the help of millionare herman blume ( a very oscarworthy bill murray ) , who eventually finds himself falling in love with miss cross .
in fact , i can think of many other films that i would rank higher than this one .
now , stark is being blackmailed , and needs to reclaim his key before the nightmare can end .
but like the lions star , jackie doesn't have anybody to block for him .
it is the creator's first visit to his world , his creation .
i suppose this free-wheeling , no plot style is supposed to give the film an element of danger and excitment , but all it did was make me sleepy .
as we watch these two people talk , and get to know each other , all that we wish for them both is to be happy , even if that does not include for them to become romantically involved .
the blend of peter weir's masterful ( and in many ways brilliant ) direction , peter biziou's stunning photography and jim carrey's performance is what makes this film work so fantastically .
he is also an excellent judge of character , knowing just which strings to pull to sway the jury while breaking down a potentially damaging witness's testimony .
rob schneider plays van damme's partner , and rochon plays . . .
everything about this complete tripe is ludicrous .
in contrast , the last band on camera , a wholly forgettable one , gets an entire 18 minutes of screen time .
the height is safe , but driving the boat in the water is not .
i wish i could have been in the pitch meeting for this ridiculous notion of a sports film .
as the two twins' younger brother , anthony , freddie prinze jr . plays the all-america boy type whose only foible is his explicit obsession of bedding his brother's fiancee that night .
i think lib ( which benigni wrote and directed ) trumps gd in one essential point : chaplin+s jewish barber gives a great speech at the climax , but to do so , he had to break completely from character .
the yellows , reds , and oranges of the lights create a dark mood , and by themselves create a lot of suspense .
they aren't all that bad , but they remain corny and a little out of place .
had pretty much cemented its place in my mind as the most incoherent film i had ever seen .
but gosh darn it , if you're going to go there , you better have some sort of explanation .
i was excited to see garofalo and leary in the same movie , but they actually only have two or three scenes together .
in " showgirls " fashion , some scenes are almost bad enough to be good .
as we already know , the film takes place at least a generation or two before the original `star wars' trilogy which means a lot of the background which was unclear and/or unexplained may be cleared up here as it is the beginning of the vast epic story .
the stand-out is by yuen biao who returns to the screen after a string of disappointments , with a stellar performance .
however , despite the negatives , i'm still recommending fallen on the strength of its complex plot and especially its ending , which i loved .
they help to overcome a pace that's too polite for mosley's jazzy , swingin' story .
unfortunately , little or no effort is ever made to follow up and elucidate on these concepts ; they're simply thrown out and then left to rot while the film goes on apace .
alicia silverstone is completely wasted playing jennifer , the babysitter .
then a geologist points out to tommy that its takes a geologic event to heat millions of gallons of water in 12 hours .
writer andrew kevin walker ( `seven' ) throws in perhaps too healthy a dosage of sherlock holmes , but the visual treatment of the film is absolutely entrancing , as burton offers foggy locales and detailed costumes that are gorgeous and stirring to examine .
the plot itself is a surreal melding of conspiracies , reality distortion , chinese restaurants , and multi appendaged amphibian things ( " it's a sign of the times " ) .
then a punch is pulled as we see eva being screwed over by the singer , instead of her leaving him , where she ends up singing the sad tune , " another suitcase in another hall , " which was meant for a later character , screwed over by eva .
i know she took lessons to improve her range and all , but it still sounds like she's trying to hard .
this is pretty much like every movie that van damme has ever been involved in -- sub par .
just see it .
godzilla simply pulls too many punches in its attempt to be a film more light-hearted than it should be .
the great scenes that will sweep audiences away are not the scenes that fit in the plot , but rather the recitals of shakespearean lines by actors playing actors .
he is a player to be watched as he can only improve with experience .
the devils advocate
i knew it would be bad but some inner compulsion i'll probably never understand made me rent it anyway .
inexplicably , johnny rico , carmen ibenez , dizzy flores and xander barcalow are played by square-jawed anglo kids who look like they just stepped out of a mountain dew commercial .
the effort seemed heavy-handed , as the film kept delivering too many obvious messages that it ponderously kept delivering through the stock characters .
and rupert everett was cute in his small part as well .
there are basically two memorable sequences : one involves breaking into a kubrickesque computer room -- a task that could have been made much easier had the characters a whit of common sense ( suffice it to say that the alarm system is disengaged when the computer operator is in the room ) ; the second involves a high-speed train , a helicopter , and the chunnel and does not have to be seen to be disbelieved .
i'd like to assume that bakshi was trying to say that the same nationalist movement that drove the nazis could happen anywhere , at any time , and we must therefore be vigilant .
tatyana's emotions echo a thousand ditties , but that makes them no less vital .
dr . kinder ( kathleen turner ) and dr . heep ( christopher lloyd ) are two of the cold-hearted executives at the baby geniuses institute , where peculiar studies are going on .
only the " cousin " chapter lacks the emotional depth of the rest and feels like a perfunctory addition to felix's " family . "
i wasn't alive then .
a sequence where hogarth and mansley attempt to " outlast " one another by trying to stay awake is very nicely timed , and also extremely clever .
you see , the gun is just slightly out of reach from the side of the car he's trying to reach it from , and so instead of going around the car to the other side ( where he can easily reach it ) he just keeps stretching .
in some respects , it works .
if we get rid of flaws , do we get rid of dreams as well ?
nothing to lose does have some funny moments in it , however .
after this , the film focuses for some time on vincent and jules and their hit man lifestyle .
the only person who seems able to appreciate beauty and freedom and life is the person most deprived of it : a dope-dealing teen from across the street who is practically imprisoned by a domineering , bullying father .
this movie needed more action in the first place .
perez might have some screen presence if he's given something to do with himself , but here he's simply thrown in front of the camera as a pretty face .
one day , he discovers a grand piano .
the best shot occurs during the opening credits , as the camera pans over the streets and byways of huntingburg , indiana as the water level slowly rises .
murphy looks and acts like linda blair from the exorcist during the first part of the movie , then turns around and reprises like her role from girl , interrupted .
the continuity department was obviously asleep ( along with the viewers ) when watching this film .
and that the actors had not been plugging the film on late night programs .
audience members who crave more intellectual fare will be disgusted by the film's sudden collapse into mindless storytelling and by the ending , which is an insulting cop-out .
thankfully , it's not subtle in either aspects .
murphy has admitted in interviews that he is weary of women in his private life , which is really neither here nor there .
after several misadventures in wyoming , where the duo is stunned to discover there's no surf , the brothers deedle stumble upon a routine mistaken identity plot .
in the end , the bottom line with this movie is having fun , kickin' ass and making sure there's enough bubblegum around to chew afterwards .
lawrence of arabia meets star wars .
and none of this can save the movie from being a d-grade level of film .
and stick figures make the easiest enemies in these kinds of movies - why give the audience a reason to love the bad guys ?
with the sentencing date closing in on him , the already convicted coyle is out on bail and looking for an angle to cut his jail time .
controversy notwithstanding , it is one of the great films this year , and as of this writing , the one to beat for best film .
it took putting him in drag , but for once he plays a comic character that isn't just robin williams with a different name .
he's now become the station manager of the radio station in which he worked in the original .
bruce willis stars as harry stamper , a famed oil-driller commissioned by the white house and nasa to stop a giant asteroid before it travels beyond " zero barrier " and destroys our planet .
to set them straight , he enrolls them into a strict wyoming boot camp , to which the pair inevitably go .
luis then confesses his deception , leading julie to state , with great significance , " we have something in common , we are both not to trusted . "
it relies on a contrived minor character to tell both mother and daughter what was obvious to do in order to straighten out their dysfunctional lives , as for some reason they couldn't figure it out for themselves .
and on a personal note , i think it's time for depalma to stop worrying so much about his proverbial 12-minute uninterrupted film sequences , and start worrying more about how crappy his movies are getting .
now , if you want a movie that * i * think is funny , go out and see " office space " .
well , most of the time , anyway - i have to admit that i was a bit bored at times during the section of the film with pete dayton as the protgaonist , which is less inherently interesting and mostly keeps the viewer's attention because of its tie-ins to the original mystery .
although his floppy features will no doubt be great for stuffed toys , the lines and actions he is given are painfully unfunny .
dudes . . . you
perhaps , the most pertinent question the film asks , requires an answer that must be resolved by the farmers and the consumers who are most caught in the changing world and its new way of doing business , as the question becomes , can science be happily married with art ?
give that man an award or something !
write a line for the one of prisoners like " i just want to go home and eat christmas dinner and watch some ball with my dad . "
whoa , the suspense is almost too much .
depalma and the screenwriter , david koepp , are extremely credible people in their respective fields , and have been known for bringing life and complexity to mysteries such as this .
only the love between the beautifully structured pocahontas and the dashing captain john smith can prevent a terrible clash .
for him the only worthwhile reason to become invisible is so you can case the girls' locker room undetected .
while the first half of the film leaves the audience guessing as to what's exactly going on , the second half dissolves into standard ghost story stuff and loses some of its suspense .
this is a description of an ideal twist that perfects everything it sets out to do and more .
the dog on speed sequence alone is worth the price of admission , and belongs in the film comedy hall of fame .
and good acting , etc ( contact being the exception ) .
they kiss , then walk on .
bang bang
needing some desparate rest and relaxation , she is elated to learn that her college roommate , karla ( brandy ) , has won a trip for four to a secluded tropical island .
teaching mrs . tingle , a black comedy that will leave a gaping void in his optimistic followers , may put an end to his reign .
in order to enter this virtual universe , you have to take over someone's identity , become another person .
she looks at him with glistening eyes , not questioning the laws or rebelling against her secondary role and how her religion keeps her from studying the talmud and having all the modern conveniences of life , and from seeing movies and tv .
however , if you do like them , i recommened you get out right now and go see it .
it doesn't much matter and believe me by the time " shattered image " runs its painful and pedestrian course you won't care .
in order to make the film a success , all they had to do was cast two extremely popular and attractive stars , have them share the screen for about two hours and then collect the profits .
taplitz isn't interested in treating seth's tragedies as genuinely tragic , making it impossible to sympathize with him .
this sets the troopers into a frenzy , as they are now one step closer to completing their goal , total genocide of a species ( again , sound familiar ? ? ) .
they laughed , or tried to laugh , at moments that were either barely funny , or much more horrible than funny , as if that could bend the film away from it's rather frightening direction .
say , tell me if you've seen this before : a crisis on-board a commercial airliner causes a stewardess to have to fly and land the plane herself .
er , no thanks .
the film's script explores the possibilities of virtual reality interestingly at first , but its treatment of the subject matter gets heavy-handed and wooden as the movie progresses .
if you're going to use slapstick like that , use it up on pee wee herman .
not at one stage capturing what could have been a fabulous on screen battle between slater and freeman , we are left to reminisce on films that dared to do something different and achieved more than what was expected .
this quote deals directly with my opinion of this film , because quite frankly , it's not even worth mentioning .
freed from her needs to direct by director zemecki , foster is able to let it all hang out in the characterization and the lead she provides to her supporting cast .
he was ordered to stay away from her and undergo counseling for one year .
gee , i wonder if they get together in the end .
this is definitely one of the best films of 99 , and had some of the best acting , most notably by moore .
special appearances by christopher lee and christopher walken .
welles certainly makes it look easy .
the first 80% of the film he tells a simple multi-thread crime story with clues sprinkled throughout .
" switchback " opens with the murder of a babysitter and the abduction of the young child she's watching .
they should have re-watched " new york stories " and then stopped in their tracks .
blue steel , baby . . . yeah ! ! !
there's the renegade cop with the loser partner who has to many problems to explain .
should you ever happen to meet those chaps , do me a favor .
the scenario is , of course , a dream .
at first you do not know what's going on .
the film often warns that the automation of war is something that may make nuclear holocaust an unintentional consequence of such mass arming .
i usually prefer to see models or sets , but the cg was more detailed than i've seen in a lot of movies ; it looks like someone spent a little overtime to render some of the futuristic cities .
yes , he even outdoes his own work in raw .
so the prisoners and ripley are off to face the alien on their own .
phil and stew deedle ( paul walker and steve van wormer ) are the twin sons of the famous millionaire , elton deedle ( eric braeden ) , founder of deedle enterprises .
those movies could have been made by a fifth grader with a good makeup kit ; movies like this require the viewer to actually pay attention and ponder what is happening on the screen .
a voice that deliciously conjures scenes both porcine and puerile , like those out of " delicatessen , " or " the tin drum . "
concentrating on the atmosphere or a particular key moment , won't do any good if everything else is in need of support .
here's a guy , because of his many sitcom roles , who's ingrained in the consciousness as a nice guy who always does the right thing .
these include attempting a suicide run across an 8-lane freeway , and one of the `hot' scenes involving supporting actress daisy ( heather graham ) removing her blouse .
though one intellectually realizes wallace is on the right side , the film paints an unconvincing emotional portait , in which wallace is just not as bad as the english king .
john mcnaughton's new thriller tackles more tawdry themes in less than two hours than springer's notoriously sleazy talk show broadcasts in two weeks -- bisexuality , threesomes , poolside catfights , slutty rich bimbos , even redneck gator-wrestling , they're all part of the movie's raucous , complex storyline .
the last match is quite decent actually .
it's no surprise either who the real villain turns out to be and what their motive was .
both piven and molly shannon make nice sidekick characters
firstly , wahlberg , although excellent , cannot do highly scenes which require him to be angry .
i would never call myself a " star wars " fan - especially not considering what it means to be a fanatic these days - but i've always enjoyed the films along with everyone else in america .
in ways he could never have imagined .
how much did he know about crimes against humanity ?
.
titanic runs far too long .
it receives two stars for its technically well-done special effects .
soon the army , advised by dr allison reed ( moore ) , moves in and forces kane and block out .
his name is de wynter ( connery ) .
nic cage plays rick santaro , a fast talking cop who is watching a boxing match with his friend commander kevin dunne ( sinise . )
but sets are ultimately empty , and the performances are completely uninspired .
with a non-stop techno soundtrack , wierd camerawork , all kinds of insane zooms and a truly breakneck pace , anyone that is bored with run lola run has to be smoking something .
right after you get over the shock of not being told what movie you're seeing ( lest you decide to walk out upon making that discovery ) , you might notice that the movie seems to have dropped you right in the middle of a scene , with little-to-no introduction to any of the characters or situations .
i rate it a 7 on the 0 to 10 scale and a low +2 on the -4 to +4 scale .
giving credit for simply having the thought " say girls , let's make a movie ! "
it doesn't just happen ; it takes a good script , good acting , and good direction .
the animation tends to suffer from some slackness in the early going and the humorous element , a madcap dragon wannabe ( in the guise of a loquacious lizard with a case of dry mouth , courtesy eddie murphy's animated vocal talents ) , plays like an inappropriate if necessary ( formula-wise ) afterthought .
everyone has a sub-genre ( be it war films , westerns , dance movies ) that they happen to be privy to .
little time is wasted in getting to know the key players so the screenplay capitalizes on those things we liked best in " rush hour . "
with anastasia , fox has gone so far as to throw all facts completely out the window .
though the plot description may at first seem like it came from the pen of elmore leonard ( author of out of sight , as well as jackie brown , get shorty and pulp fiction ) , after you watch it , you realize that it's not nearly good enough .
ford does not have a lot of lines here , so it is stuart and twohy's script and davis's outstanding direction that make the film as great as it is .
i recall the trials and tribulations of my high school years .
my other gripe would be during the film's finale .
he will never gain any true happiness , and any happiness that happens to him will be fleeting , and will probably bring more horrible instances to his life .
in other words , it's a poor substitute for williamson's best work .
a typical scene has the editors arguing about whether a potential photographer's work is transcendental or merely classical .
as ridiculous as it sounds , he's the most sane character in the movie .
he compares family to the fantastic four comic book , and even goes so far as to say that family is everybody's own anti-matter ; something everybody will return to eventually , and the farther you go , the deeper you'll return .
lauren holly does what she can with her central character .
without ever seeing it ) didn't like this .
raul julia plays aram fingal , a drone data processing worker for novicorp whose active imagination and predilection for hacking gets him into trouble with authority .
then a bunch of other uninteresting things happen .
this film uses color and light in such a fantastic way , that it will be sad to see it degraded when it has to bee transferred to video .
the parents are alcoholics who become increasingly obnoxious as the movie proceeds .
of course , comedies as such are usually very subjective and i could see how some will see this film simply as stupid and unfunny , while others will grant them the " stupid " , but consider it funny instead .
nobody will ever know , but as a novelty , sgt .
this isn't necessarily a good thing , since it prevents us from relaxing and enjoying an american werewolf in paris as a completely mindless , campy entertainment experience .
it's just the shootouts minus a hissing snake plissken .
strike now while the iron is cold .
the critical difference between the rock and con air is cage's performance .
also , the last 20 minutes are so hackneyed , so cliched , it's amazing to think it's the same film you're watching .
i have no idea why the producers chose now to bring back tarzan ; it's not as if there are legions of new fans clamoring for his next movie .
never got made , many films like it were , and mant !
my sentiments exactly .
it's rare to see a film like " toy story 2 " come along , because it's the kind of film that's almost impossible to dislike .
unable to stop the tide of events that was about to occur , the jedi and the queen of naboo ( natalie portman ) escape naboo and head for coruscant to try and get the republic senate to intervene .
it's as if the film has stopped and a video game has been inserted .
i love that woman and she can also hypothetically act ( for those of us who saw " sirens " ) .
while its running time is already a short 94 minutes , it could really stand to lose twenty minutes or so to give it better pacing .
she figures out what's really going on after getting roughed up by some fbi men and doing an internet search , where all good journalists learn the difference between a mistress and an extinction- level comet .
the terror and fright must have been unimaginable , most likely with audiences members literally shrieking in fear .
with the help of ben ( oliver platt ) , the local drama teacher and joe's mom's current boyfriend ( before her death ) , he will attempt to locate his dad and get in a little trouble on the way .
even if it could have been better , this'll do .
you've got mail is a timely romance for this impersonal , computer-driven decade .
the plot is one of the most creative i heard ever .
frankly , i don't care .
one of the most realistic , heartbreaking films in recent years .
he was nick nightingale , the pianist .
something about a request from the studio made the theater charge more money .
working with the bohemians and moulin rogue impresario harold zidler ( jim broadbent ) , christian writes an opus modestly named " spectacular spectacular . "
however the difference here is that this one joke just isn't very funny .
drew walks into a bar , has her hand stamped , and over the night associates with some rastafarians with some delicious , um , cake .
the entire crew laughed and that's how it was filmed .
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " american outlaws " is a galloping , formulaic 3 .
the fact that they are real provides a refreshing break from some of the more melodramatic moments in the film .
the relationship between jet li's han and aaliyah's trish o'day reminds us of abel ferrera's " china girl " , except that romeo must die's couple never once exchange more than a loving glance towards one another .
newman is the real joy of the film , adroitly showing that at age 75 , he's still really hot stuff .
robert rodriguez , who directed the terrific low budget " el mariachi " came to hollywood and directed the horrible , high-budget " desperado . "
like a good action film should , " metro " has action that keeps you involved .
and believe it or not , i was actually enjoying some of the film's first half hour , which starts off with some promise , but not before bonehead moves after bonehead moves from our protagonist , basinger , just drown the film's entire basis of believability .
the first half hour goes into detail , way too much detail , about how the weapons are stolen .
from the very first meeting scene , it is obvious that the two of them was sort of kindred spirits but they were worlds apart in almost all aspects , foster being a person drawn to science and facts and mcconaughey being one who believes in faith , hope and the power of the unseen .
he was the baldwin in " backdraft , " " sliver , " and " fair game " ( with cindy crawford ) .
they made some promises that improved their public image for a while , and then counted on the media and the public to eventually forget about the promises they made .
not bad , eh ? ( i have no idea why i just typed that .
graham , attempting to further her stardom after appearing as the new powers' girl in ap2 , displays a cheerful but naive persona that nicely corresponds with the wackiness of the screenplay .
ben has abused his daughter's body , but in doing so has saved her life .
.
and it's not just campbell , who happens to hail from the prime-time fox soap " party of five " , but everyone suffers from heavily melodramatic overtones .
there is a love story attatched that nearly ruins the entire premise .
the intensity of these opening scenes , with their minimalist mise-en-scene , immerses us in a claustrophobic environment which seems to be a decayed stratum of our own world , and owes much to david lynch's eraserhead , not least the ambient industrial white noise of the soundtrack .
first and foremost to me , in " rh2 , " is the immense pleasure in watching jackie chan's artistry in fight choreography .
she also has a bad case of wavering and overblown new york accents , a disease suffered by much of the rest of the cast .
unfortunately for all those involved with entrapment , die hard narrowly beat it to the screen by ? 11 years .
it's quite a remarkable opening , and one which will remain in my mind for a long time .
a simple sentence like that , and i've got a nice four-day fishing trip with the boys , or more often than not , a trip up to cherokee , n . c . , for jackpot bingo and assorted other mountain funnery .
after a business trip to las vegas , crystal , stern , and lovitz stay a few extra days to go off in search of the treasure .
the body count is surprisingly low and doesn't include any of the major characters , and most annoyingly kelly and hector insist that they capture the crocodile alive rather than killing it .
eager to save his home ( and his aging , dying grandfather ) , nello willingly decides to become an artist , asking aloise to pose for him .
enter familiar mumbling man jeff goldblum who only agrees to go when told his girlfriend is already there .
this unpretentious little comedy , which sneaks into theaters today with very little hype , will have you bouncing in your theater seat .
humans made this movie .
kudos to crystal and kudrow for not just making it his show , either .
in fact , bury this one while you still can .
they are under the express orders of sir roger daley ( bernard bresslaw ) .
he is tragically unbelievable and comically bad .
overall , if you're a big sci-fi fan , check this movie out for the special effects and challenging narrative , and if you're not , i would still suggest seeing this movie , but then you could probably wait until it comes out on video so that you forward past some of the boring parts .
for years , i have heard of an " international " version available only in laserdisc format , which has eluded me for years .
originally , the concept was designed several years ago for andre the giant .
farquaad selects the lovely princess fiona ( cameron diaz ) and offers shrek a deal : if the ogre snatches fiona from the dragon-protected , lava moat-filled castle in which she is held captive and brings her to the throne , the lord will allow the fairy tale pests to move back on his grounds .
? but the biggest slams come when shrek visits farquaad's royal domicile , which closely resembles a certain magic kingdom , from its souvenir stands and queue lines to a display of animatronic figures that sing the palace rules in a relentlessly peppy tune that sounds a lot like " it's a small world . "
levy's is the most crowd-pleasing performance , and indeed , it's nice to see him back on the big screen in a role that makes wonderful use of that expressive brow .
it turns out that stark has lost a key to a safe deposit box , and is now being blackmailed for something that he apparently knows nothing about .
the script , written by j . d . zeik in his big-screen debut , approaches levels of complexity that had people spinning away from mission : impossible two years ago .
the dominoes begin to tumble as howard's closest friends begin acting different and principal halliwell hints at a possible termination of employment should howard indeed be gay .
any three hour film that does not deliver even one uninteresting scene is definitely worth recommending .
where's joblo coming from ?
i didn't like this movie because it seemed to be a rip off of every other airplane movie i've ever seen .
although being essentially the only film in its genre in release now , it may also be hurt by the negative perception of king works , even with the recent critical success of the shawshank redemption and the stand .
take , for example , the food in judgement city : it's always the most delicious you've ever tasted . . .
the irony is that the mars in carpenter's film feels sadly absent .
and it's certainly more interesting than the disney version .
" it's not good to know too much about someone , charlie , " charles warns his niece , charlie ( margaret welsh ) , with a devilish grin .
cox , sporting a baseball cap and a faded marine tattoo , is all bluff and bluster .
zak orth , as the newly realized porn star monk , shows an unmistakable flair with handling all of the film's intelligent dialogue .
danny elfman did the original music for this movie and he delivers another eccentric , loopy score that strongly echoes his themes for edward scissorhands .
but the filmmakers are so inept they can't even flash the audience correctly .
" yeah , " laughed a man standing next to him , " i drive as slow as that one guy did .
a baby delivery bit shows some groan-inducing promise until enough blood is splattered to coagulate the laughs .
there's not much that goes right about varsity blues , and there's not much to like about it , either .
what was that glowing lava lamp artifact troy brought on board with him ?
but with hard-nosed detective sandra cassidy ( jennifer esposito , doing her best j . lo impression ) tracking down koster and his gang of hoodlums , the stakes are raised as nathan races against the clock to crack the mystery of elisabeth's head in order to get the goods inside .
certainly i never expected a remastered print .
when you see " a long time ago , in a galaxy far , far away " , when the familiar music plays , when the words " star wars " appear on screen , you'll feel a tingle even if you didn't see the movie when it first came out in '77 .
he goes to a church one evening and there he sees the snow-shovel murderer , who actually turns out to be a nice man .
he screams horribly as the monster's digestive juices continue to slowly eat him away .
she is at home with her character's playful tendencies , particularly in one scene where elizabeth dances unabashedly with childhood friend and lover lord robert dudley ( joseph fiennes ) .
there are countless scenes where the good guys catch up to keaton only to have him grab a hostage and get away .
the film could never get to the core of what makes the pimp think in such a perverted way as he does , as the filmmakers were taking for a ride by the pimps , who were looking only to pose in front of the camera and say their thing , hungry for their 15-minutes of fame .
the two have perfect chemistry as a troubled father and son trying to impress each other and simultaneously impress themselves .
to be more clear : i did not even know who he was supposed to be until about an hour into the movie , and even then , it was not made too clear .
the caveman's valentine starring samuel l . jackson , ann magnuson , aunjanue ellis , tamara tunie screenplay by george dawes green , based on his novel directed by kasi lemmons
the dance school in shall we dance ?
the talking tree , who seems to have a thing for john smith , is the only other character that can hold our interest and is perhaps the best developed of the bunch .
she argues that the artist is the watchdog for the public , questioning what is good or evil in society , something that bad science has completely ignored .
on the other hand , lack of credible special effects somewhat diminished the same effect during the ocean liner scene .
not just the events , but also the tone of some of the end is wrong , clashing strongly with the sense of fun that has preceded it .
as it is , " spawn " is just awful -- it stinks worse than a dead trout .
that is why this film suffers .
absolutely .
unable to cope with her growing disillusionment , she forces herself to maintain her demeanor , driving her further and further into desperation , adultery and possibly murder .
all she's interested in is seducing him during those few days when she's ovulating .
jimmie's grandfather ( peter ustinov , completely wasted ) dies and leaves jimmie his entire estate of 100 million dollars as well as ownership of the pool table business .
along the way everything that can possibly go wrong does .
a few instances of adorable humor aside , it becomes apparent that no one could save the festering mess that is `the bachelor' .
the love letter is a failure , and an inane failure at that .
" a breed apart " isn't a great movie by any means , but it does contain good performances by all three leads , and it's worth seeing for that reason alone .
" well , " she chirped .
as far as the technical aspects of the film go ( referring to the subtitled version , as that's the only one i've seen ) , the film transfer is clear , almost phenomenally so .
etc .
the characters on screen , often laughing at each other's goofy/embarrassing antics , seemed far more amused than the audience .
while it's a very serious issue to many , it is the comedies that people are flocking to see and that are gaining notoriety .
before the climax , i disliked hush ; by the time the end credits started , i hated it .
they don't easily start up their romance again because she's the wife of a prisoner whom she married during danny's tenure in prison , and also has a son , liam ( ciaran fitzgerald ) , from him , whom liam is hoping will get out soon .
reitman , and old , reliable hand at breezy comedies , keeps the pace brisk and capably handles the more action-oriented sequences .
i didn't see the point of the movie , i didn't see the point of the story and i certainly didn't see the point in tom hanks' big double-chin .
as it does throughout , overly dramatic cinematographer stephen f . windon from the postman uses extremely fast zooms right down to the endangered girl's face .
the biggest disappointment here lies in the acting of colin farrell .
despite the fact the script and plot is a bit of a let down , the entire movie on the whole can be considered a milestone in technical excellence , in the sound and special effects department .
cameron has clearly fallen in love with titanic , and shows her in every mood -- as a deserted wreck , down in the boiler room , up on the bridge , down in the hold , at the captain's table , down in steerage -- and manages to bring the great ship back from the dead .
4 . why make this a comedy , instead of an emotional , rocky-style drama ?
also worthy of note is kathy bates ( edward scissorhands , 1990 ) as a loud mouthed american .
virtually every aspect of dead-bang is inept and ineffective .
see if you can follow this .
instead we have a normal guy who when he falls in love shows more delight than fox mulder will show over the span of an entire season of " the x-files . "
for the first time , zero has to question his own objectivity , as he finds his client less and less sympathetic .
the scenes which try to touch base with a believable version of reality are the weakest ; the film is best understood as a kind of parable , and , indeed , the religious implications of bubby's experiences are foregrounded : icons of jesus on the cross hang from the mother's walls , bubby dons a priest's collar stolen from his father , a church organ-playing atheist lectures him on the necessity of unbelief , the woman who redeems him is named angel .
two days isn't a bad movie but there isn't much else to it than the screenplay novelty of the linkage of seemingly unrelated characters .
without saying a word , he is easily the most charismatic person in the movie .
pfeiffer's performance is spellbinding and ultimately strong , as she brings her character to life with such charisma and emotion , you wonder how , how it is possible for someone to portray a real person with such realism .
_the caveman's valentine_ is an elegant and piquant expression of hope for justice in a tilted landscape .
it must be based on a true story .
sammy decides to get serious , seeing max as his meal ticket .
and as all superheroes , batman , superman , the phantom , they must possess an element of normal civilians to make us think they are extraordinary .
the boys even bring their idol , neil diamond , into the picture to help resolve things .
but if he continues to associate himself with projects as flat as senseless , his film career could go the way of his once-promising older brother , damon , who is now set to make his comeback--on television .
apes spring incredible distances .
the sound , the music , and all the effects were effective , and the last hour kept us entertained .
felicity shagwell is one shagadellic babe .
despite their victory , however , a gateway has somehow opened , and outworld continues in its quest to conquer earth .
we don't get to see who the killer is until much further into the story .
stallone , a former emergency medical service man , is chauffeuring a rich couple around , when they reach the outside of the tunnel , before the explosion .
what was she thinking ?
draw your own conclusions .
all right , so thirty seconds in , i was slightly befuddled by this seemingly pointless rifle/camera , but i was still open minded . . .
before you groan at the presence of reeves in the lead role , hold on .
casting good actors for small , pale parts only makes things worse .
he's all wrong for a lead role , but it doesn't help that christopher has forgotten to develop his characters .
it is hip , sharp , nifty , and has nice little pieces of suspense and comedy .
my philosophy is , if you are one of the few heterosexual males lucky enough to get your hands on a beautiful , kind girl , you should treat her like a princess and respect her .
when commodus hears the plan , he strangles his father and orders maximus and his family murdered .
what he should've done was stick his head in the sand like an ostrich .
her old soldier flame ( played by michael pare ) comes back into town to save her , but doesn't count on a whole bunch of things going askew .
now onto from hell's appearance : it's certainly dark and bleak enough , and it's surprising to see how much more it looks like a tim burton film than planet of the apes did ( at times , it seems like sleepy hollow 2 ) .
she deserves recognition not only because of the levity she brings to the movie , but also because she is voiced by two very remarkable people .
get woody allen .
in all honesty , the best part of this film is the end credits .
i don't think so .
according to hollywood movies made in last few decades , life in small town is one of the worst things that could happen to a human being .
a more accurate summary would be " jean-claude van damme bums around hong kong failing to avoid large , blatant coca-cola product placements . "
the casting director must have chose him because he's scottish like alec guinness : there's little other explanation for it .
jones is great in curdled - she's wonderfully funny and maintains an amusing wide-eyed naive curiousity about murder without compromising her character's innocence or likeability .
director rick friedberg focuses more on the mug shots of his actors ( especially nielsen , who can do this quite well ) than on the delivery and context of their lines , much of the time cutting the punchline short .
badly put together , this movie features some decent acting , some nice cinematography and an initially interesting premise , but loses it all in a haze of plot miscues which ultimately leave you with little care for anyone .
a dud all the way around .
it is only a video game , after all , but the on-screen version tries to go beyond it's comic book boundaries by adding depth , a conceptualization of self-worth , and worst of all , a love story .
and just try not to laugh in the climactic kung-fu sequence , featuring jiff in an excerpt from another bowfinger classic entitled fake purse ninjas .
it's hard enough to find a grown-up in hollywood who can give a subtle , realistic portrayal !
a small bird becomes an ominous mortal threat , whose usual mild-mannered squeal is a scream of death .
there's lots of little things that set off the weird-o-meter , like the little tiny pods that you can buy in the video game store , the two headed amphibian creature , and why that guy at the gas station's name appears to be " gas " .
their purpose isn't just to move the plot along , they're also supposed to give the storyline a backbone .
i have tried very hard not to step on and spoil the plot with this review , but given it's non-existence , i may have anyway .
joe is the bastard son of rebecca ( ashley judd ) , and by age twelve he's ready to know who is father is .
the thrills all came from the plot .
magoo can only be described as painfully bad .
no way !
after being arrested and tortured by kimba's secret police , shannon leaves country with a help of british journalist north ( colin blakely ) .
this is the man that starred in films such as apocalypse now and wall street .
the film moves at a leisurely pace , a bit slow , but relaxing .
sphere is the kind of first- class mess that only a top-line director with an a-list cast can create .
" how do get back to earth ? "
he plays such a pivotal role to melvin's character development , actually serves to forward the plot , and has some absolutely scene-stealing moments , that it is hard to believe he is simply an animal .
the play demonstrated no forward movement as an artist , only labute's persistence in wallowing in the horrid things " average " people do to each other , usually with out realizing how horrid they themselves are .
the idea behind koontz's novel , though highly implausible , is very interesting .
supposedly based on a true story in which the british drive to build a rail bridge deep in africa grinds to a halt after a pair of lions start killing off the workers in 1898 .
the beauty of the story is the pas de deux between uncle and niece as they try to out psych each other .
when we first meet eugene onegin ( ralph , acting for his sister ; another brother , magnus , composed the score ) , a philandering aristocrat from st . petersburg , he has just inherited his uncle's estate .
fonda was also pretty good , despite playing one of the most trashy and abused women that i have seen in quite some time , but i still felt kinda bad for her , so i guess she did her job okay .
the original godzilla movies are somewhat of a cult classic , and when reviewing the previous films , each film had a certain degree of intelligence .
before too long she looks just like the lead singer of the cranberries .
which is fine , and he handled it well ; especially considering the material he had to work with .
the plot is simplicity itself : rocker ellen aim ( diane lane ) is kidnapped by a vicious street gang , led by a bloodthirsty fellow named raven ( willem dafoe , very nasty ) .
simple : no plot .
gattaca is rated pg-13 for brief violent images , language , some sexuality , and nudity .
the final exchange between henstridge and , er , cube though is both audible * and * priceless .
" footloose " has only one goal in mind : to reel in an audience with cheesy sentiment and feel-good antics .
of course , the fbi is upset that he'll be interfering in their investigation , and stick him with an lapd office with a big mouth- of course , that's chris tucker .
2 . there was a documentary made in 1998 , wrestling with shadows , that documented the owner of the world wrestling federation , vince mcmahon's screwing bret " the hitman " hart out of the title .
as much as i hated this movie , i must give brian de palma one tiny bit of credit .
the dialogue seems to be improvized , almost as if there was no rehearsel done at all .
gathering together the lucky token holders , he explains , " today you have a chance to play a game where the odds of winning are one in six . "
cares ! ?
zero is a private investigator , perhaps the best private investigator who ever lived ( at least he'd like to think so ) .
a particular fight scene in a chinese office , where chan and tucker duke it out with the bad guys , is funny and energetic at the same time .
pollini hitches a ride with zack ( wayne knight ) , a hyper-tense ambulance driver carrying a human heart across country for a transplant operation .
i'm not sure if they're oscar-nominee bound , but they're very good .
there was more excitement and adrenaline rushed suspense than just about any of hollywood's big blockbuster movies .
( note : since smith co-executive produced good will hunting , it's not out of the question that he had some input into this scene . )
jack warden is ideal as jehan , eliciting just the right amount of humor and compassion required for the character .
there are great cameos from joan sims , an expectant mother who is many weeks overdue and is eating constantly in every scene , and from kenneth connor as the expectant father who still thinks he's at work ( at the railway station ) .
" evolution " is a movie more concerned with its special effects ( which are quite good ) than anything resembling a consistently funny script .
there is no contrast to any of the characters .
determined to prove her worth , she ventures deep into the rugged mountains of north carolina , where her younger sister elna ( jane adams ) runs a school .
again , the technical side of this film is remarkable , and better than the two previous versions .
the rest of the movie follows valiant and roger as they run around town ( and eventually toontown ) trying to clear roger's good name .
that actually is the whole storyline .
the ship is painstakingly created exactly true to form , as we see actual pictures of the modern-day wreckage , transformed into the movie depiction .
you know ) , becomes deeply involved in the russian mafia and the fbi ( almost the same thing , i guess ) , and is killed in france ( in the movie , things happen so fast that you don't have too much time to think about how weird this all is ) .
after a stylistic detour with mrs .
" shall we dance " will do that to you without any treacly aftertaste .
( furthermore , would you gladly spend a single night in a house befitting that description ? )
airport '97 anyone ?
in terms of characters , by far the most outstanding and interesting is queen amidala ( natalie portman ) , whose mature performance far exceeds her tender 14 years of age .
szwarc also reveals that is was the conscious decision of the salkinds ( and everyone else agreed ) that supergirl needed to stand on its own , replacing the science fiction of the superman films with cutsy " whimsical fantasy " nonsense .
his friend maxim , age 9 , said that he thought it was good but very silly and parts did not make sense .
cool effects ?
holly hunter and danny devito both give the performances of their careers here .
ripley is revived and asks to see the ship .
the book ( or " graphic novel , " if you will ) is over 500 pages long and includes nearly 30 more that consist of nothing but footnotes .
or , it could have been the on- target direction by jamie blanks .
october sky should be a success with audiences .
although it keeps the audience distanced from the characters .
light comedy shouldn't be complex .
manson , sans trademark makeup & contact lenses , and with an obviously fake moustache , looks eerily like nicholas cage ; who woulda thunk it ?
he was forbidden to use a computer until he turned eighteen years old .
i can believe it , too - one can't even begin to fathom the turmoil he must go through when he's forced to choose between an ice pick , baseball bat or sledgehammer to torture victims with .
tarantino's pulp fiction is in big part responsible for john travolta's sudden revival in the movie industry , and with talks of an oscar nomination , the same is likely to happen for grier .
send a memo to jonathan taylor thomas .
there's ginger ( geri halliwell ) , the brainy one , sporty ( melanie chisholm ) , the athletic one , baby ( emma bunton ) , the childish one , posh ( victoria adams ) , the fashion-conscious one , and scary ( melanie brown ) , the one with a tongue pierced back so far you're almost certain the post sticks out her throat .
ben affleck shines in a short but sweet performance as a recruiter for the company , nicky katt is fabulous as the ostensibly friendly boss who eventually becomes extremely jealous of seth , and vin diesel gives his best performance of his career as the foil character of nicky katt .
but the real reason lies in the fact that it was made by truly remarkable and talented filmmaker .
while i'm not entirely sure what he was smoking when he co-wrote this script , willis is quite aware that the entire project is a big , fat , ugly joke .
scenes pile up like a car wreck with little or no explanation or exposition .
no , thanks !
i think he's very funny , but his shtick has gotten forced and contrived over the years .
ripped straight from the pages of a 1970s zombie movie , ghosts leaps from one convenient moment to the next , stopping only to kill the characters which are most convenient to lose .
michael keaton is well cast as billy ; he gives his cynical character considerable complexity .
melissa joan hart ( from abc's " sabrina , the teenage witch " ) likes a hunky stud on the basketball team .
for , indeed , john carpenter has run out of things to say , and has instead decided to use whatever is convenient to tell a ridiculously bad story .
but , as we can see now , spielberg overcame all the obstacles , and delivered one of the finest primal scare-thrillers ever to come out of hollywood .
sex is in the film because ( sexual ) deviance is part of the film's major theme of " difference " breeding hostility .
overwhelmingly , his worst films are pleasantly diverting at worst and enjoyable at best ( with the notable exception of flubber ) .
most movies seem to release a third movie just so it can be called a trilogy .
it doesn't help that the plot is designed to be complex , but falls into so many problems , like plot holes and unbelievable circumstances .
overall , i'd say that the film is an entertaining and humorous adventure with some story-line deficiencies making it less worthy than the original .
the man only comes in on mondays , but he claims that he has been charged for one purchase too many .
ditto for max , who doesn't seem to have a life outside his friendship with 1900 .
they fail on both counts .
one of the actresses cast as branagh's lovely but lethal beauties includes bail ling , a stage and screen star in her native china who was last seen starring opposite dick gere in red corner ( 7/10 ) .
the plot in three words is : women and music .
watch also for the incredibly " godfather-esque " mass murder scene .
likewise , people raised in fabulously pampered prosperity can become unhappy and spiteful over the dumbest , most inconsequential problems , simply because they have no clue how good they have it .
director roland emmerich ( universal solider ) shamelessly rips off lucas and spielberg and just about any other cosmic cliche that he can lay his hands on .
" the blair witch project " , that cost less than an old car , managed to shock and terrify the audiences from their senses .
leave your laughter at the door and you can marvel at the unfunny antics of john cusack , michael lerner , lara flynn boyle , john neville , and dana carvey .
oedekerk directed the second one .
his two-gunned blasting as he does a bizarre dance is the high point of the film .
more splendid still is boorem , whom i praised highly for her work in " along came a spider " and who is simply radiant here as carol .
bob ( affleck ) , elle's betrothed , and business partner to jeff , is a mumbling , obvious dullard .
at times absorbing , at others enjoyably insipid , this is good , bloody summer fun .
i wish they would have either a ) made this movie much , much funnier , or b ) turned it into a complete drama and given us a real perspective as to why people like this actually put themselves through these public forums of embarrassment .
the borg intend to alter history and assimilate all of humankind into their race--starting with the earth-orbiting crew of the enterprise and a 21st century stowaway ( alfre woodard ) .
they are , naturally enough , more than a little frightened and confused , and it doesn't help matters any when " mystery man " ( robert blake ) approaches fred at a party and proceeds to call himself on the telephone at the madisons' house in a scene that is at once hilarious and unnerving .
his evil is as subtle as a viper's , and as easy as his smile .
okay .
i was anxious to see this for a long time .
when the film's success called for sequels , the filmmakers turned up the violence and they added well-intentioned , though not very subtle , political messages about what was happening in the united states of the 1960s and 1970s .
as their motives become murky and unclear , the film finally falls to the point that it doesn't really matter who wins or loses , since all sides have become equally detestable .
a mysterious fracture in their past relationship has driven them apart .
it sometimes gets a little bloody for a light hearted film , but it strangely fits in .
at the end of the movie , you're stuck wanting your money back .
jack , played by peter boyle , thinks he's jesus .
it doesn't really matter that the film is based on a television show , as most of the plot elements have been recycled from everything we've already seen .
why are the guards armed with guns when they already know firearms are ineffectual ?
mars is ruled by cohagen , played by cox , who charges people for air .
and even his sidekick co-star , " saturday night live " alumnus rob " makin' copies " schneider , does what's expected of him , although neither appear to want the role of straight man .
when troy the creepy stranger shows up on the ship , of course both female crew members will fall in love with him .
the studios will concoct the a sequel for release in the summer of 2002 .
while the sequel was planned from the outset -- a treatment of scream 2 was included when mr . williamson sold the screenplay for scream -- the basic premise for the film and the reunion of the surviving characters nevertheless seems extremely artificially contrived , and it's only at about the film's midway point when it becomes engaging .
as he swims and boats his way through huntingburg's roads , he encounters some of the locals : karen ( minnie driver ) , a would-be love interest ; a bickering old couple ( richard dysart and betty white ) , who are on hand to provide comic relief ; and the easily-corrupted sheriff ( randy quaid ) , whose seeming helpfulness hides sinister ulterior motives .
but " out to sea " and " the odd couple ii " are just beating a grumpy old horse .
i can say that it's a terrific film , with sharp acting , great dialogue , and pumping full of energy and style injected by soderbergh .
with his dying breath , the elder spews out his vile : " damn them , damn them all to hell , " he says before expiring .
eye has been assigned to investigate the leader of his organization's son ( i still have no idea what this organization was - british intelligence ?
the main problem is that there are too many characters in the film , and not enough time to explore them all .
when sidney finally ventures out to hollywood as the murders become more prevalent , she ? ? ? s chased onto the set of stab 3 , wandering through " woodsboro , " written and directed as an odd , surreal , nightmare indeed , this is one of " scream 3 " ? ? ? s finest moments .
however , despite this uninteresting sub-plot , turner did manage to give a great performance as the woman who reminds the two men that sometimes there's more to life than money and birds .
see it if you like dumb thrillers .
mcgregor's singing voice is robust and adds vigor at just the right moments .
it is clear that the film is nothing more than an attempt to cash in on the teenage spending dollar , judging from the rash of really awful teen-flicks that we've been seeing as of late .
another pathetic element of the film was the script .
okay , kids , what does that spell ?
by the time seth makes a singularly biblical reappearance late in the film , it has become clear that taplitz is aiming for a fantastical fable which makes no connection with real human experience .
he quickly finds , not greatly to any surprise he shows , that on this planet apes rule and humans drool , but everybody talks .
on re-watching italian writer/director dario argento's much lauded murder mystery tenebrae , i was struck more than anything else by how many sins he commits as a storyteller and manages to get away with .
is he ?
this is a review i don't even want to write because i'd just be laying the same criticisms on it that i would with any other so-generic-and-predictable-it's-beyond-ridiculous piece of hollywood fluff .
the business was incredibly profitable and the proceeds translated into the political power to squelch and discredit any political movements against big tobacco .
but even then , one can always sit back and enjoy the beautiful computer animation , whose remarkable use here represents yet another dazzling leap forward for the technology .
giles is enraptured , and the moment hotpants college ii is over , he beings to scour stores for bostock memorabilia , including teen magazines and video tapes .
for some reason , the film is littered with star cameos .
when someone who was shocked at the rating the first time and made a note to watch it carefully the following five times or so managed to let it slip past her ?
ever since wargames , the first real computer hacking movie , hollywood has attempted to produce more and more films about hacking .
the door suddenly opens up .
and they're even more so to his girlfriend , jess ( angela featherstone ) , who is fed up that her boyfriend's boss means more to arlo than her .
he is also not afraid to tell the absolute truth about how corrupt society was in the past and is in the present .
for safe-keeping .
following in the wake of twister , this is yet another natural disaster movie that doesn't trust nature's fury as the chief engine of conflict .
the real adams is to be admired for his devotion to treating patients as people rather than diseases .
boiler room dismisses the notion of ingenuity and shows that greed and desire for power come in all ages .
but the wait is worth it .
georges polti once wrote a paper called " the thirty-six dramatic situations , " in which he asserted the fact that all drama could be defined by no more than thirty-six different situations .
based on the novel by graziella magherini , the film stars argento's daughter asia as young roman police inspector anna manni in pursuit of a brutal rapist-killer .
what he ends up with is something that i can't print here .
it's not a fatal misstep , mind you , and it doesn't send the story soaring into the realms of incredulity .
the movie is always clear on where it's going , and always makes sense .
their realization of the situation that they're in doesn't happen until they are in the bowels of the boat .
liotta , on the other hand , improves general impression by very realistic and menacing portrayal of drug addiction .
my expectations fell to pieces when i learned all of these things .
fast forward about five years .
somewhere out there , maybe there's a small cadre of film-goers who will appreciate sphere's dubious charms , but i'm not among them .
there have been so many other bad reviews like this , too .
despite the somber and desolate mood of the entire film , i wasn't exactly prepared for the ending which left me feeling empty .
larry flynt , scott alexander and larry karaszewski leave milos forman behind and take a stab at film directing .
there are some very funny moments , and quite a few little in-jokes that one needs to have seen " casablanca " to appreciate properly .
each time i awoke in a sweat , terrified .
they start to doubt in their own sanity .
grady points out , in his narration , that they only do so out of jealousy .
guido , dora , and their 5-year-old son , giosue ? ( giorgio cantarini ) are a happy family .
not a bad as i am making it out to be .
the limey does exactly that .
the apes , courtesy of make-up magician rick baker , are dazzling and ape city is a wonder to behold .
english professor grady tripp ( michael douglas ) is a master .
lacrosse's most recent trek takes him to a blood-soaked hotel room in amarillo , texas , where the local sheriff ( r . lee ermey ) is torn between his re-election campaign and helping his new ally catch his man .
since lambert is a witness , he's of course the next one to die .
unfortunately , things aren't so peachy once they arrive , and with a regularity you could set your watch by , the infamous fisherman ( muse watson ) is back with his hook .
it is a pointless movie , and makes absolutely no sense at all .
this was just one of those films where you want to be anywhere but in the theater where this film is showing .
from then on , at all of his political appearances , he raps his political truth .
he can say something that just isn't funny , and his delivery makes me laugh .
the sad thing is that " end of days " had so many things going for it .
first time screenwriters jana howington and steve lukanic give us a couple of chuckle-out-loud moments , and even some decent laughs here and * way * over there , but there is so much to cringe at in this horribly made film that you'll likely miss the laughs while regurgitating popcorn .
there is no general antagonist in this film , but the action and suspense makes you forget all about that .
the replacements is a hokey mistake of a football film , a mishmash collage of one-dimensional characters , rampant stereotypes of cultures and races , cliched emotional statements of purpose , and keanu reeves wishing for the matrix sequel to start principal photography .
i don't really know why this is called an action movie .
in fact my only criticism of the film is that things get a tad weak towards the end .
i had a chance to see a sneak preview of city slickers ii on campus last night .
tim roth was probably payed a lot of money to do this stupid part in this stupid film made by a bunch of people who are high on themselves 'cause they've had hits , major or minor .
meanwhile , this is carol's ticket to a better life .
fury 109 is an ex-mining/maximum security prison .
after the movie they took questions .
complications arise when page realizes that good-natured jack is stirring actual emotions in her steely little heart .
danger !
matters get much worse for nello when his grandfather dies , and he has to pay for his funeral .
but then the organism mutates into something that threatens to eat through the labs defenses and break out .
he writes in patch's academic file that he shows " excessive happiness . "
it seems that no matter where he turns , a camera is being shoved in his face and questions regarding homosexuality are being tossed to him like frisbees .
bored , aimless and restless , their routine consists of getting drunk at the local pub , grooving to techno or glam-rock at the local disco and getting shots up the arm at the local den and procuring cash through a variety of methods , some ingenious , others plainly dumb and desperate .
you'd be wrong , since full blame can be placed on the very folks who wrote and created the series : rowan atkinson , robin driscoll , and richard curtis .
with able assists from editors karen schmeer and shondra merrill and cinematographer robert richardson ( oliver stone's longtime collaborator ) , this becomes a cinematic contraption that's a wonder of narrative divergence and coherence .
we all saw natasha's breasts in species ( although this is one repeat performance i'm not complaining about ) .
don't think i've ever seen a cg model look so real before .
but my sense of humour , i have come to realize , is vastly different from the general population .
the boxing scene between cesar and vince starts out very powerful and interestingly different from other boxing movies .
the unfortunate thing surrounding this second sequel is the one-dimensional characters .
it doesn't really add any genuine emotional depth , either .
of course it helps if you have interesting characters , crisp dialogue , and a modicum of style .
norton claims that she is wrecking his pleasurable lifestyle , when he spots her at a session that he also attended .
the danger , of course , is that the germans allegedly have informants throughout the ghetto , and rumors about the radio can get out and put jakob in great danger .
along the same lines , it doesn't help that creature designer ( and producer ) kevin yagher has done his best work for the tongue-in-cheek tales from the crypt tv series .
loki decides to wreak havoc along the way with the knowledge that his sins will be absolved at the pearly gates .
director david fincher ( seven ) has completely gone over the edge .
a middle aged company man realizes that achieving all the goals he set for himself in life ( a house , a child , and good marriage ) still doesn't translate into a fulfilled life .
i'm willing to give director peter mettler credit for trying something different , but this particular experiment is not a success .
not very formidable when he's also the guy who says , " this is the biggest bummer of a trip i've ever been on . "
like " stand by me " , this is a mostly character-driven film , and as such it benefits greatly from superb casting .
i look at you people and wonder , how did you ever fit in my womb ? "
the funniest scene has johnson throwing-up all over a criminal as he interrogates him .
having said that , i didn't think the first hour needed to be as long as it was , and the film did have me tinkering on the bridge of believability when the " fake " jackal met with the " real " jackal's girlfriend without much retrospection on her part , but all in all , not too many complaints in a movie that could easily be enjoyed by all those who take pleasure in the spy and terrorist thriller genre .
instead it turns out to be a hilarious film running in high gear from beginning to end .
the nicest touch are the plethora of subtle hints for truman to _not_ leave the island .
in the final battle scene , where we can see mercenaries at work , irvin shows us that modern warfare means superior firepower and tactics , unlike 1980s ramboesque fantasies that rely on macho superheroes .
did i unknowingly miss a meeting somewhere ?
here , we do care , because we like the lead actors .
( 4/21/96 ) ( 1/29/97 ) ( 6/13/97 ) [see also : " babe " ]
capone discovers that wonie has been smuggling guns inside shipments of charity supplies for the area churches and , much to his disappointment , also finds out his childhood friend ratty ( mark danvers ) has been helping him .
although never brilliant , analyze this is also never rubbish , which makes for a fun ride .
we've always had movies of this nature ; on the beach , the end of the world , damnation alley , the ultimate warrior , and so on .
a recently uncovered one-fourth of orson welle's planned " docu-drama " of amazing stories around the world named it's all true , this short dealt with welle's attempts to document the actions of several brazilian fisherman in 1942 who had become folk heroes for their fantastic voyage to rio on a raft .
some six years ago , march give a solid performance in jean jacques annaud's steamy the lover .
" ghosts of mars " sadly adds to those disappointing returns ( in its opening weekend it was overshadowed by a bunch of sequels , among them " american pie 2 " and " rush hour 2 " ) .
she inspires his love and his fear , and instills in him a similar love and fear of jesus .
it is with invulnerability of both mental and physical kind that the character of moore is portrayed , which left me barracking for the chinese to haul his sorry ass into jail .
under sonny's supervision julian soon learns to lie to women , tell people how he " wipes his ass , " throw tantrums , and scream for his " god damned " treats .
the orange glow of gattaca's scenes are impressive , but the sets deserve most of the credit .
unfortunately , due to a lack of advertising , i fear gattaca may fair horribly at the box office .
will ferrell , who again proves himself incapable of doing anything but sketch comedy , shows up as the wildlife marshal inspector who thinks the two have stolen a monkey .
the glass on his mask cracks .
are people really going to get that scared over a big green guy named frankenstein that moves at a speed of five miles per hour ?
a bad movie is a bad movie .
her performance is one of the few things worth watching in the film .
move over ? or rather , roll over ? old yeller , this dog of flanders is a heartwarming delight .
if you're familiar with altman's work , you'll recognize several of his signature techniques .
oh wait , i already do .
the film opens in october of 1969 .
little known facts about this film and its stars : goofy actor owen wilson co-scripted indie favorites rushmore ( 8/10 ) and bottle rocket with director wes anderson .
i'll move on to the movie now .
i'll give a capsule summary of the story without spoiling anything for you :
de bont has a style of filmmaking so out of line with the material that it is , in itself , frightening .
the scene is set in a jewish ghetto in poland circa 1944 , where a one-time cafe proprietor named jakob heym is walking resolutely through the streets , fists stuffed into coat pockets .
he refuses to perform abortions , instead wondering why the couples just didn't behave more responsibly .
it doesn't bode well for cage's appearance in face/off later this month ; perhaps he already realizes that all he can do in action films is more of the same over and over .
he is a kind , caring , younger man who has built his life around carver high school .
in the movie business , dirk meets a whole load of characters ( which the film introduces very quickly and slickly ) such as scotty ( phillip seymour hoffman ) , rollergirl ( graham ) amber ( moore ) and floyd ( phillip baker hall ) , and little bill ( william h . macy ) all the characters are well written , well played , and the audience gets to know them pretty well , thanks to the excellent script .
hackman .
mariah is primarily seen with a wide-eyed deer-in-the-headlights look frozen on her face .
but does the film work as entertainment ?
along the way , douglas interacts with many different potential suspects , and a woman who claims to be the daughter of fuller , jane fuller , played wonderfully by a talented young actress , gretchen mol .
you barf and they line up to hold your hair back . "
it's just not funny .
he runs into an old from school days and he is married to a mutual girl friend from school .
in his fights , jackie often makes use of objects found in his environment-- benches , jugs , cups , bowls , fruits and vegetables--often in new and surprising ways .
like broderick's , azaria's character is quite simply lacking in color .
you will be able to determine the quality of the film by examining the opening scene .
what is it that brings me joy ?
penny henderson ( mary stuart masterson ) , the station owner's secretary , must deal with her overbearing boss , an unimpressed sponsor and writers ready to quite on a moment's notice , partly due to the fact that they haven't been paid in weeks .
this silly waste of money reminded me of bugs bunny's barber chair , and only shows that the future is a time when spaceship designers haven't learned a thing about ergonomics .
this movie tries to present itself as the sequel to jan de bont's debut as a director , 1994 surprise hit speed .
maybe there's a really good reason for it .
when i first saw it i began to cry , though i could not say why .
another cop holds his gun to his partner's temple , forcing him to disarm .
synopsis : in this cultural exploration , a chinese american computer engineer named fang ( peter wang ) decides to take a month-long vacation to visit his sister mrs . chao ( shen guanglan ) , her husband mr . chao ( hy xiaoguang ) , and their teenage daughter lili ( li qinqin ) in beijing after 30 years of separation .
certainly a passive viewer can enjoy it as a straightforward story with a worthwhile moral and some surprisingly touching scenes , but a active , attentive viewers will enjoy it even more because they'll catch all the details .
additionally the crime involves digging from a swimming pool to the bank vault , flooding the vault .
white's " trumpet of the swan . "
you can't help going in with the baggage of glowing reviews , which is in contrast to the negative baggage that the reviewers were likely to have .
not for all movie goers , but for those who are film buffs and want something of value .
towards the end the chemistry seems to work , but for the bulk of the film , there is hardly any ,
but i will admit the special effects and the acting were above par , deserving the rating above .
movies don't come much more ridiculously titled than " i still know what you did last summer , " but since the movie in question is best described as ridiculous , the title sort of works as a warning .
darth vader is the leader of the dark side .
although " fail-safe " is more about the issue of nuclear weapons than it is about the political ramifications of communism , there is a scene in the film that deals with communism in an intentionally superficial , one-sided sort of way .
in the year 3000 , the psychlo aliens have ruled our planet for 1 , 000 years .
" crazy/beautiful " suffers from the damned-if-you-do , damned-if-you-don't syndrome .
they were only funny if you had seen the movie ; otherwise , you got nothing .
gregory stark ( ryan o'neill ) hires zero to find his lost keys .
despite these small problems , " last night " is one of the best movies of the year .
still , the film doesn't seem to gain much from bacon's performance , only his name .
joe viterelli is hilarious as jelly , vitti's pea brained right-hand man , and chazz palminteri is a show stopper playing a fellow mobster who's in desperate need of the definition of `closure' .
some of the scariest scenes involve the perspective of ripley .
" i know , but i still can't believe it .
incongruously intercut with the iran interview sequence we see jeffrey wigand ( russell crowe ) dejectedly returning from work to his home .
it is more like a " movie " than it should be .
a stranger , goro ( tsutomu yamazaki ) , comes into town and finds tampopo ( nobuko miyamoto ) , the proprietor of a small , hole-in-the-wall noodle shop , trying to fend off the insults of the local strongman , pisken ( rikiya yasuoka ) .
her husband comes home , and seeing her worsened condition , demands that she get up and make dinner .
dan aykroyd and jane curtin also lend their voices as two lovesick , euro-trash bees--both are very unrecognizable , especially aykroyd .
sitcom star hunt , who was last seen in twister , 1996 ) .
for that reason , he is secretly hired and trained ( so secret , that even he doesn't know about it ) by an underground fashion syndicate to assassinate the prime minister of malaysia , who wants to abolish child labor in his country .
comments : tracks of a killer had a couple of strikes against it before i even began watching it .
in one scene , sweetback visits a friend's house in the hope of getting sanctuary there , and the other man chats him up while on the toilet .
the paradigm was shifting under the father+s feet , and he knew of no other life .
deakins always gives the coens' films a distinctive visual style , and here he does a brilliant job of capturing the bright colors of seedy los angeles in the early nineties , whether that by the obnoxious blue bowling suit worn by the dude's main competitor jesus quintana ( john turturro ) , or the strikingly manic dream sequences , one of which involves the dizzy spectacle of watching a strike from a bowling ball's point of view .
the fourth blues brother is j evan bonifant , who's ten .
everything seems to be going well , until the sister accidentally dies by falling down a set of stairs .
in a later scene , as misfit brother kip knowingly tells memphis he has the stolen car situation under control , all the while making breakfast , a metaphor is made of shakespearean proportions .
i despair whenever i encounter this kind of stupidity in mainstream entertainment ; are we still so culturally neanderthal that the only way to include something like that in a big-budget hollywood film is as a hefnerism ?
first-time director/writer andrew niccol ( he also wrote the screenplay for the upcoming jim carrey drama " the truman show " ) demonstrates a keen eye for the stylish ; his collaboration with cinematographer slawomir idziak , production designer jan roelfs and costume designer colleen atwood result in a sophisticated composition that emanates classy , retro ambiance .
barrymore is simply adorable here ( i've never seen her look so close to the way she did in et ) .
.
the screenplay by todd alcott and chris weitz is quite simple in plot , but it contains a lot of subtlety that makes the film more suitable for adults .
when one fellow quietly stated " i've never really been a fan of musicals , " the statement surprised me because , even though the story is told almost completely through song , i didn't think of it as a musical .
the plot isn't relevant , but if you're curious , it's some nonsense about a chinese law enforcement officer ( li ) sent to paris to investigate a possible drug ring and encounter a corrupt chief of police ( tcheky karyo ) , who kills people and does sinister things with no motivation whatsoever .
you know the feeling , when you're sick of seeing all these damn academy award contenders and you want to see something you can have a ball trashing mercilessly .
has it really been two decades since walter matthau coached the bad news bears ?
why they decide this " one day " i have no idea .
then there is the sequence involving one of gabriel's henchman holding a gun to the head of stanley's daughter to coerce the hacker to download the key computer program for gabriel .
his sense of joy and accomplishment is one any computer whiz can appreciate .
mostly it comes through those eyes , eyes with none of the hardness you might expect from the infamous gangsta .
to be mysteriously saved by a giant ( gheorghe muresan ) .
and for those viewers out there who would only lay down money for this movie in hopes of seeing pam topless , hate to burst your bubble , but there are no full-fledged nude scenes in barb wire .
to me , this was one of the most fascinating aspects of the first three films because there seemed to be a subtle , definite order to all the complexity .
when the whirlwind is over water , animals near the surface , frequently fish and frogs , may suffer the same fate .
overall rating=
one gets the general impression that the producers of the movie thought " hey , that last movie was such a success that we can get more money and make a * real * movie now . "
seasoned horror film fans , including myself , will smile at their inclusion in this film .
stellan skarsg ? rd plays such a convincingly zombified drunken loser that it's difficult to spend nearly two hours of screen time in his smelly , boozed-out presence .
umm , moving right along . . .
nicholas farrell as hamlet's trusted friend horatio , and timothy spall and reece dinsdale as the two-timing rosencrantz and guildenstern round out the excellent core cast .
there is little insight into her character .
but the cameraderie between bobby and ricky holds the key to its interest .
now if you're a regular reader of mine , you've heard me say this countless times : you know how drive me crazy is going to end , but is the journey to get to that ending worth it ?
look at john sayles' lianna , or the interesting and little-seen desert bloom ; both of them have more life and vibrancy than claire .
what do you get when you slap together a movie based on a story by the legendary george lucas , directed by virtuoso director steven spielberg , and starring one of the biggest box-office stars in the world , harrison ford ?
i have to admit i was half-expecting farting armpit humor , gratuitous nudity , superfluous , cloying subplots , and some nasty , unnecessary violence .
unfortunately , wing jing has run afoul of a rival gangster , yeung seung who has bribed the police in an effort to gain control of see's night club .
the plot is typical horror stuff : sidney prescott ( an impressive neve campbell ) , an attractive young high school student who's mother was killed a year ago tommorrow , is being stalked by a killer who's previously murdered one of her classmates ( casey , naturally ) , and everybody in this small , california town is a suspect , including sidney's boyfriend , billy loomis .
star wars is largely a failure in all the major areas of filmmaking : script , direction and characters .
sexy beast is a very and familiar minor plot lent respectability in the us by being done in what is here a still somewhat novel genre , the london crime film .
chris tucker reprises his role as the motor mouthed la cop , carter , who teams , again , with lee to put down the bad guys .
take a scene where he's being followed by some agents into a parking garage : he quickly sprays his car another color , and adds a solvent that if touched kills the person who touched it .
the film doesn't really come to a satisfying conclusion , either .
hilarious sequence , nasa asks harry to inspect a deep-core driller they built based on his blueprints ; it is poorly constructed-harry criticizes almost every aspect of it .
then , as i watched the film again , i understood why .
look for jenny mccarthy , carrie fisher , patrick warburton ( puddy from " seinfeld " ) , roger corman , and jason mewes and kevin smith ( as jay and silent bob ) to walk through at some point .
capsule : a rock and roll fable , indeed .
shall we go back to basics ?
very early on , we are presented with the high importance of bringing honor to one's family , and by botching her chance at gaining the favor of the matchmaker , mulan fails at that task .
" know ye not that they which run in a race run all , but one receiveth the prize ?
i found equinox , his last pre- mrs .
the problems start with jennifer beales , who never registers as the plot's femme fatale .
after " pretty woman , " roberts , along with meg ryan , became the reigning queen of romantic comedies ( with her latest being the just-released " runaway bride , " which repairs gere and roberts together once again ) , and no wonder .
there are no weak performances in this movie .
at the head of the flock of vultures is gale weathers ( courtney cox ) , who has a little surprise for sidney .
will is a troubled individual .
appears as a tv news reporter .
their characters exhibit little evidence of emotion ; automatons would have been as effective .
the lawyer , kevin lomax ( keanu reeves ) is not offered a job yet , he is asked to simply pick a jury .
this is quite a task because that same hitman who knocked off simon's parents is crawling everywhere , attempting to kill simon at the hospital , on the highway , and every other place he goes .
c'mon hollywood , enough with the crud !
the adults laughed and laughed .
to her cat !
not only does the ludicrous screenplay ignore the possibility that someone in the audience may have a triple-digit i . q . , but it doesn't bother to give any of the on-screen individuals even a hint of depth .
* in one of the worst pieces of mis-casting i think i've * ever * seen , james remar plays raiden , the god of thunder .
a lot of ass-kicking , face-whippings , gun fights and . . . okay , a little more ass-kicking ensues .
disney's a bug's life isn't due out for another two months , and dreamworks seems to have received the better end of the deal .
pfeiffer and clooney have a certain chemistry together that is surprisingly charming , and the kids are neither shoved into the background nor allowed to steal the show .
on the other hand , there are low-key performances from kenneth connor and peter butterworth as barnes the handyman , and there are very poor performances by windsor davies and jack douglas who spend far too much time on the screen !
in other words , one could fold laundry while glancing up at it every now and then , but it's rather boring to just sit and watch .
private joker gets off on the wrong foot with the sergeant , as does the large bodied private leonard lawrence ( vincent d'onofrio ) , whom is dubbed 'gomer pyle' by sgt .
a nice little ( no pun intended ) family that lives in their apartment next to central park in new york city .
here i sit at my computer about to write my review of the recent action comedy " bait " starring jamie foxx and david morse .
falling in somewhere between def jam's how to be a player ( which was awful ) and booty call ( which was ok ) , woo is yet another in the embarassing genre of showing african-americans to be nothing more than sexual buffoons .
edward furlong has done far better work than this , and so has natasha lyonne , and so has lin shaye , but hey , they've got to make a living in hollywood .
although yahoo's performance is at first endearing , the one-dimensional characterization loses its novelty faster than you can say e=mc2 .
they don't even behave like soldiers in a bad * movie * , and therefore we don't care about them .
add that to a completely unsuccessful romance element , many lame and corny jokes , a long wait for the setup , and an ending that takes all the blackness out of this " black comedy " ( if you're gonna create a black comedy , don't chicken out in the end-see very bad things ( 8/10 ) for a perfect example ) , and you've got yourself a trite mtv creation worthy of its own subject matter .
if he is lining up all these women , you'd think he'd have enough common sense to think it would backfire on him one day , as his mother says it does .
every single word out of her mouth is supposed to be racy and hip , but her incessant wisecracking is poorly-written and merely stupid .
ben , a cartoonist , and katie , a crossword puzzle writer , have grown apart during their fifteen years of marriage , as they have grown to follow different views on life , family , and marriage .
but pictures of what ?
almost , but not quite .
even today , fascination with this film is on par with hitchcock's " psycho , " and it never seems to age .
along the way , the boys squabble over who's the cutest of the gang , who's the most popular cowboy in the gang , and who ought to go on mtv's total request live .
the only reason viewers may avoid vomiting is the argument that the babies are `cute' .
this , like the instance i mentioned in the first paragraph of this review , is a horrid insult to our intelligence .
snip , snip .
in a perfect world , i would be in charge of all the movie studios .
this is what binds the movie together .
estranged from both his wife and his daughter , lester starts to crack under the stress .
he becomes one of the great comic villains .
world depicted in this film is both ordinary and fascinating .
it's interesting to note the futuristic slang words that are thrown about left and right during the film , in the best golden-age science fiction tradition .
the film even takes some jabs at america's nuclear paranoia during the early stages of the cold war , satirizing the lame safety films shown to grade school students that tell them to " duck and cover " in the event of a nuclear attack .
this film will explain again what a ronin is .
they both feature vicious psychopathic killers , yet also give a lot of , usually depressive , details about chief investigator's private lives .
the film is called the musketeer and stars a dude name justin chambers .
the creatures and droids that we see throughout the film are one of a kind .
but then again , not every film's supposed to leave you entertained .
on the other hand it was not clear ( to me at least ) if scenes like the family singing together are typical of indian culture or if they are a convention of indian musical films .
and so on .
and the aforementioned flooded city - what function does that _really_ serve ?
thanks to altman , here are some of the actresses i've had the pleasure of seeing naked : sally kellerman , julianne moore , madeline stowe , even frances mcdormand .
" spy kids " is a welcome antidote to the repellent " see spot run , " using imagination instead of cruelty and crudeness .
i give it a c- .
bryan spicer's directing doesn't help one bit , either .
first of all , the chemistry between sandler and barrymore is effective .
the point of a hero is to do the morally correct thing , a person for the audience to relate to or admire .
for good measure , throw in a poorly motivated prison riot and have affleck's best buddy stabbed . . .
the jokes are drawn from obvious sources and the resulting humor is banal and uninspired .
stuart is doing well enough with his tv show , but he keeps getting distracted by family troubles .
the football scenes are generally unexciting and the entire film looks a bit washed out .
the major problem is schwarzenegger , who is a terrible freeze .
some strenuous stretches of the imagination are required here .
the insects have an odd , artificial look , like origami creations with a mottled plastic coating .
next time they should " spy " a little bit harder .
she's a tramp and a back-stabber who deserved nothing--least of all vindication in the . . . ahem . . . climax .
of course , homer's parents ( chris cooper and natalie canderday ) aren't quite sure what to make of their son's unusual interests .
this simple but touching love story , coupled with a healthy dose of smart humour , makes the little mermaid a remarkably captivating picture .
joe , as a special effect , is an image that might hold your interest for five minutes .
the supporting cast is strong , led by the always-reliable ving rhames .
one knockout piece , the " elephant love medley , " incorporates the beatles' " all you need is love , " u2's " in the name of love , " dolly parton's " i will always love you " and elton john and bernie taupin's " your song . "
poor mr . tweedy ( tony haygarth ) suspects the chickens are organizing in some way , but his limited intellect prevents him from figuring things out , and his overbearing wife certainly isn't any help .
benigni+s film has won audience awards at cannes , at toronto , and is a definite shoo-in for best foreign language film ( hopefully for best picture as well ) .
last year's speed 2 and scream 2 , as well as this year's species ii have all been products that have been decisively less than satisfactory .
it is now a few days before the new year celebration for 2000 and arnold and his wise-cracking security guard partner kevin pollack are hired to guard a wall street turd , and when he is fired upon by a renograde priest , thomas aquinas , arnold saves him and through a ridiculous chase captures the tongue less priest who fired the shot .
i can't say much about this one .
unfortunately , when john's audience again increases to more than one his urge to pontificate returns and the human urgency of his situation is lost .
kaufman's direction is fine , and he is able to bring a sense of bizarre humour to the grim proceedings .
during this scene , i turned to my friend and said , " wow .
the flying inkpot's rating system : * wait for the video .
we watch in stunned disbelief as he back-stabs coworkers , humiliates his subordinates , and works his deadly venom into christine's heart .
the rest of the movie feels like they skipped over the middle stuff in the character changes ( you know , where they explain things ) and just went from point a to point b . point a : danika is thoroughly enamored of yerzy and is ready to have his baby .
then walk away .
well , convict one manages to stop the flight in its proverbial " tracks " and liotta , still as calm as ever , takes the other convict out .
he didn't fit the part .
there's nothing here that differentiates " quest " from something you'd see on any given saturday morning cartoon -- subpar animation , instantly forgettable songs , poorly-integrated computerized footage .
you can guess where the film is going because this is well-traveled territory , but with pros like voight and appealing young performers like kissner , an often-told story is well worth a revisit . '
it has a vibrant , beating heart ? and that makes the comedy all the more worthwhile .
years later and on opposite coasts of america , john and sara -- both engaged but still unsure whether they have found their soul mates -- decide to seek each other out to rest their doubts .
but inside she is desperate .
raimi expects the audience to laugh and as the film progresses , he seems to be enjoying himself even more by borrowing the classic mirror scene from the marx brothers' duck soup , then bringing more characters into the picture to comically kill them off .
director harold ramis ( who also helmed the comedy multiplicity , which wasn't half bad ) keeps the tone peppy and light , even if it's sometimes sprinkled by slight dramatic moments ( shootings can't always be taken for laughs , you know ) .
for the original ending to work , we only had to make one simple connection , for this one , we have to write a whole new screenplay .
she's blocked out her husband's death and thinks she's a character in her favorite soap , a reason to love .
there's yet another problem , though - his partner nagle ( raymond barry , " dead man walking " ) is a harder cored criminal who won't let up until his share of the money is delivered .
we're not sure who's blood or by who's hand though .
did you ever get a sinking premonition about a movie's quality ( or lack thereof ) while watching the trailers that come before it ?
the basic story is rather sorted , complex and even confusing at times .
he speaks in an intellectualized monotone with just a hint of dry wit around the edges .
richard gere has a couple of good moments , making his character as likable as he possibly could have .
however , the butcher boy's power is undeniable , and the film as a whole is unforgettable--perhaps because it is so disturbing .
" astronaut " provides only artificial anxiety .
the two leads are hideously boring , static characters given little to do and too much time to do it .
while i do not wish to reveal crucial plot points , i can say that the storyline becomes quite confusing .
but it's still bad .
he thinks .
he is trying to cast one actress for his new film and is getting pressure from the producers and from crime figures to cast someone else , cammie rhodes ( melissa george ) .
the unidentified aircraft turns out to be a commercial airliner , but a mechanical failure strikes the military base that commands the bombers .
jet li's high risk is a rip-off of die hard -- not the other way around .
tom hanks plays joe fox , the insanely likeable owner of a discount book chain and meg ryan plays kathleen kelley , the even more insanely likeable proprietor of a family-run children's book shop called , in a nice homage , the shop around the corner .
with nothing left to lose , bulworth is no longer restricted to burping generic platitudes out of both sides of his mouth .
rated r mostly for several murder scenes and brief nudity in a strip bar , it is not as offensive as many other thrillers in this genre are .
this sounds just like another film i saw last year , the limey .
admittedly , i wasn't a huge fan of any of the main actors in this film , and didn't expect much from this movie beforehand , but surprisingly it did have its thrilling moments , as well as a mostly plausible and absorbing story line .
so he sets off on a journey into the sordid underworld of sleaze to discover the truth about the film .
the characters are handled terribly , and actually , most of the actors do not have the fortune of even getting to be what you could call a character .
lost my train of thought .
the film tries to pull your heart-strings too much regarding how close the characters are to each other , like when mitch had decided to suck the snake marrow out of his best friend's butt .
the real eye-popper for me , even though it was given away in the trailer . . . . bang
the latest from the director of " starman , " " halloween " and " escape from new york " is a lousy western all gussied up to look like a futuristic horror flick .
there have been a number of pushes on disney's death grip on the market , and fifty-one weeks into '98 , a new champion has emerged .
he isn't the first successful foreign director to come to hollywood and make a bad movie .
honest , it is .
viewers invest something in every movie they watch , no matter how good or bad it is .
is the old west really a breeding ground for high comedy , anyway ?
they may be biased or inaccurate , but they bear the weight of human hardship , and this confers on them a nobility and gravity which other , more inventive films , often lack .
miraculously , what comes out is beautiful .
it deserves more than that , but i don't want to be greedy .
then mona spies griffin hustling a redhead into a motel and begins divorce proceedings ( buck henry cameos as both couples' divorce lawyer ) .
thus , the curse of the " event film . "
this will certainly be the definitive ac3 movie for all you home theater enthusiasts .
the appeal of the project for its stars and its director , robert benton , is nostalgia .
over the course of their interactions , interest on both their parts grows into a budding romance .
meanwhile , each character gets the spotlight to be completely idisyncratic and interesting , something " antz " couldn't do , and by the end , over the end credits , " a bug's life " pulls it's final punch , out clever-ing " antz " with a series of incessantly hilarious faux-bloopers that come just at the right time , when those who leave immeadiately after the final frame of a film have left , and you can brag that you were one of the elite who stayed and got the full money's worth of entertainment .
the movie would be fine for older and mature teenagers , i . e . , treat the movie as it were rated nc-17 .
they deserve to get shot -- or run over , as the case may be .
we'll do just about anything to put off a task .
lively and funny though it may be on a consistent basis , forces of nature leaves a bitter taste that feels like self-justification .
if a film is solely about one person , the main actor must give a faultless performance in order for it to really work .
then again , with an ending like this film has , it's obvious a sequel is already being considered .
while maurice on the other hand falls madly in love with sarah , and would do anything for her .
simon has more than just dwarfism as a problem , the people in the town don't really like him , because he isn't " natural " .
we care for her , even though she began to act just like one of the guys .
despite skarsg ? rd's solid performance as tomas , his pathetic drunk is never given much of a chance to emote anything besides catatonic sorrow .
when stu and his girlfriend , julie ( bridget fonda ) are in a freak car accident ( you'll see ) stu goes into a coma , and while in his coma stu travels to i'm guessing dark town , where all the characters in dreams come to life .
luis must force julia to write to her sister emily , who is frantic over her lack of communication .
? his camerawork is fairly pedestrian , though the final concert number is done quite well with effective use of editing .
strike two came while the previews played .
the new 'minor-regulars' such as o'callaghan and piper are not able to enliven the movie and the toilet humour becomes humourless after a while .
he also discovers that the killings are not random , that the victims are tied together by a secret .
yes , in his own misguided way he loves truman as a father to a son , and has provided the best universe he could provide .
the title is actually the most interesting aspect of the film .
many other films , though , have equal , if not superior , special effects and are much better .
the annoying friend is played by tom arnold , who provides most of the cacophonous slapstick , none of which is funny , such as a scene where arnold beats up a costumed " arnie the dinosaur " ( you draw your own parallels on that one ) in a toy store .
although nearly all the regulars appear , they seem to be just going through the motions .
it is an irritation and distracts us from what is otherwise a very good thriller .
it's worthwhile to compare aberdeen to an earlier film released in 2001 , jonathan nossiter's captivating signs & wonders .
drama and tragedy was shakespeare's strength .
what was once so powerful about labute's work , the casual , nonchalant cruelty and selfishness ( often elements we all have in us amplified to a disgusting degree ) had become so over the top it was borderline comic .
lucilla is the only female character , and what sparks there are between her and maximus are dampened by his devotion to his dead wife .
it's genuinely unfunny ( i , and the other audience members only laughed once during the entire two hours ) , unoriginal and unthrilling .
not this one .
two men woo her ; tony the " security consultant " wins her over ( so they have passionate sex replete with cheesy saxophone music ) .
synopsis : it's 1977 in a small italian american neighborhood in new york .
the irony of this statement will not be lost on audience members who have not yet walked out , fallen asleep , or otherwise given up on this pathetic attempt at romantic comedy .
there is no emotional epiphany in how to make an american quilt .
vanessa redgrave is barely acknowledgeable , and her performance is only enhanced by her strong presence on screen .
goodfellas owes some of its initial success and popularity to the fact that it was based on the true story , told in best-seller book wiseguy by nicholas pileggi ( who would co-write the screenplay for the film ) .
american movies , with rare exceptions , have not and i would daresay cannot approach foreign films in character development .
pretty much like jan de bont ( " twister " , " haunting " ) , paul verhoven has never made anything extraordinary .
but occasionaly , almost as if making an ironic , self-depreciating remark , the movie tosses in clearly marxist imagery .
voiced by ming-na wen , mulan is disney's strongest female character to date .
that's why they call it money . "
while everyone else uses modern technologies to aid them in the search for extra-terrestrial intelligence ( of which the program seti is an acronym for ) , ellie prefers to pop on a pair of headphones and see what she can pick up on , keeping the youthful magic and intrigue strongly alive .
i've been reading a lot about the movie being 'cheezy' or 'hokey' and really didn't see or think that once during the entire film .
he is visibly shaken by her rejection even though she says that she loves him .
they also meet the future darth vadar , anakin skywalker ( jake lloyd )
the neighbors have some wonderful vitamin potions for her to drink , a good-luck charm for her to wear around her neck , and the name of an obstetrician who's been in the business 66 . 6
swelling , saddening music is not a good way to tell us that the people in the film are unhappy , and that the situation is hopeless .
tampopo meets him at his store late at night , and he leads her to a back room .
the film was all about pimp style and their projected image , as they run a hard-sell riff about the virtues of their work .
other critics , however , were not so kind .
oh , most definitely !
whoops .
the premise of , " the butcher boy , " is one that could have very well been turned into a thought-provoking , disturbing motion picture , but somehow nothing works .
does vivian possess the gift of telekinesis in addition to his other powers ?
this is the most aggressive and inventive martial art choreography i've seen in some time , actually surpassing jackie chan's work in both 'rumble in the bronx' and 'first strike' .
the law of crowd pleasing romantic movies states that the two leads must end up together by film's end .
when eye tracks his target to an expensive- looking secluded house , he witnesses a mysterious and beautiful woman ( ashley judd ) take a knife out and proceed to stab the poor bastard .
in sexy beast even the plot twists have gray beards .
then the klump family , all played by eddie murphy , step in for some comedic relief involving old people having sex , flabby breasts , a slew of fart and dick jokes , and enough fat people jokes that i lost count after the first thirty minutes .
she has apparently told these two men that the money that resulted from the robbery is with her husband .
it's a minor , but irritating , flaw .
this could be a pivotal point in his mid-life crisis .
" no . "
right !
one might expect a cathartic viewing experience walking into a new jean-luc godard film .
after the ship is fixed up come the early drills , where everyone seems completely inept , like the electrician who can't connect wires so instead lets the current run through himself every time grammer gets on the phone .
there's not a measureable fraction of original material in this unworthy outing .
the film manages to be engaging despite the logical confusion .
so , what went wrong ?
they're not your typical stupid horror film victims who don't know what the hell to do when being chased by a guy in a ski mask and a machette .
pierce brosnan plays the volcanologist sent to study the volcano and , perhaps more by hunch than actual scientific proof , is determined that the volcano will be arupting in the very near future .
curtis ( who previously penned four weddings and a funeral ) is also smart enough to know that the unlikely couple's situation is not enough to fuel two hours' worth of entertainment , so some of notting hill's finest moments revolve around william's eccentric friends and family .
to die for : a columbia pictures release directed by gus van sant .
another fine contribution of this film is " oscar " -awarded musical score by bill conti ; i still tremble from excitement every time i hear it .
you've seen the tv spots , haven't you ?
luckily ( for me at least ) , it doesn't last long and the rest of the story focuses on the relationship between the men , their son and the deception .
from that moment on , it's all downhill .
unfortunately , many potential would have been great scenes were thrown away with predictable content , letting the viewer know the outcome of the scene long before it happened .
the film moves on and on until the point , where you can care less about anything but the popcorn you're eating .
these elements are pretty much equally balanced , with each of the parts of the stories working hand-in-hand with eachother .
so , the audience must wait ( if they haven't already stopped watching ) as the necessary details fall into place and the killer goes after the heroine in the drawn-out finale .
rated : r for strong violence , language , drug use , nudity , and some sexuality .
check please !
plot : based on the wildly popular " jerry springer " tv show , this movie follows the lives of two groups of people before they make their bizarre appearances on the infamous program .
" i'll shoot you , " he says to stark at one point .
the second half of the film is basically about the main heroine running back and forth from the sinister lamps and evil furniture .
" nothing really , just hanging around , " before it gets on your nerves ; the film might well have benefited from a slightly slower pace and a little bit more characterization .
there is also a flimsy connection with the energy crisis and a missing solar cell with 95% efficiency .
the horror that i experienced from this film is realizing that i actually went to see it .
volcano starts with tommy lee jones at emo .
jake kasdan , son of writer/director lawrence kasdan , is only 22 years old .
he somehow completely misses them , leading jules to cite divine intervention .
wigand has always wanted to make tobacco safer and has natural sympathies with getting the story out .
after all , we have taken up this entire planet , and if they let us live for another billion years or so , we might advance beyond our solar system and into the next one .
rob is the character easiest to relate to , but he is nothing like you at all .
the filmmakers prove that socially responsible raunch is possible .
everything from sex to drugs to violence is covered in a film with a much blacker edge in comedy than swingers .
the introduction of the wise-guy angle and the loyality among buddies bit , are not moving enough emotional experiences or intelligent enough dramatics to elevate this film above its limited story line despite the tour-de-force performance by the star of the film , adrien brody as ray .
i can't remember the last time i saw a sequel as consistently fun and inventive as this one .
while baby stays unscathed , the crooks fare worse for the wear .
this topheavy exercise in violence and special effects unfortunately topples quickly and leaves fans of the comic book , like me , numbed by how much spawn misses the mark .
this slow-moving character study provides some outstanding acting performances by the principals , but suffers from a tepid conclusion , inconsistent direction , and may not have wide commercial appeal .
while in captivity , woody makes a startling discovery : he is actually part of a collection of toys based on a 1950's children's show entitled " woody's roundup . "
ok , so deep impact may have messed up character wise , but surely the special effects are good ?
some scenes were cut out and no one " cleaned it up " afterwards .
there's an enormous woman ( played by transvestite porn star chi chi la rue ) who hides food in her clothes .
though the plot is somewhat unoriginal , it has a very appealing new twist in its characters .
the story , as such , has a lopsided feel about it .
it's certain that , like the murder weapon described in the film's title , jawbreaker will be triggering more than one gag reflex in the audience .
tunney stands around looking cute , then scared .
in the one-hundred year history of motion pictures , there have been a ton of bad " white " movies about mismatched lovers , so i suppose it's only fair that we get a " black " effort of the same low caliber .
and nothing in the film gets a rise out of kevin bacon .
but satan gets to him in his hospital room and nails him to the ceiling while scribbling latin warnings of 'the end of the world' on his body .
he can jump on the beds , watch r-rated movies , eat gobs of ice cream and potato chips , and dig through his big brother's secret box .
it seems that every alien film seems to have some memorable scene or scenes , and aliens has the motherload .
shakespeare in love is an incredibly cheap illusion that truly pans out to be very little quality or original work .
.
as clown , he overacts to the extreme , never missing an opportunity for a poor-taste punchline .
high marks go to eriq ebouaney as the title character .
carol feels as lifeless as many of the other hospital patients , but she's never been anywhere else and doesn't see many other opportunities in life .
it is difficult to describe the plot of this film , because it depends partly on how you interpret it .
see arranges the trade and ask his lover ( valerie chow ) to take care of wing jing .
then comes the transparent plotline .
first , the score music from the tv show has been completely replaced by score that is either at times one note away from the score from " beetlejuice " or one note away from the score from " rob roy " .
it starts off as an alien rip-off , and then degenerates into a pointlessly bloody slasher flick after about 40 minutes .
however , as ness soon learns , in order to stabilize peace , you have to bend a few laws .
continually the film kept on depending on special effects , and sadly , this is how pictures are being made .
the makers of watchers reborn probably want to fool unsuspecting video rental customers into thinking this might be a good movie instead of a crappy fifth installment of a film series which should have died a long time ago .
the only thing that stopped me walking out was loyalty to my lady friend , as this was our day out and i hadn't seen her in ages .
kinnear , as the gay neighbor , seems to have a slightly underwritten role , he's more of a plot convience than a character .
of course it doesn't , and here , her naysayers are proved wrong in a big way .
the soundtrack , synth-heavy , reminded me of bad 80s horror movies , as did the special effects in the shapechanging scenes .
" we need to get joe out of here ! "
then again , what can you expect from a director known solely as " mcg . "
the film is best described as a cross between an hour-long cop show and a music video , both stretched out into the span of an hour and a half .
it's a few years later , and they both still think of each other , so maurice hires a private detective ( ian hart ) to see what sarah is up too .
fine .
a lot of mulholland drive starts out fun .
for ever , i sat in anticipation for a decent climax and that's what i got ?
the frenchman who's somewhat responsible for franklin's escape from a prisoner-packed bus , a hoodlum whom franklin owes seven grand , and the cops who wrongly suspect him of murder .
after carefully presenting credible characters and situations , the conclusion feels rushed and lazy .
while the full monty is a great lighthearted comedy , it doesn't carry the social impact of the brilliant trainspotting .
the audience really does come to hate him .
its main weakness is that it couldn't beat antz to the theaters , making it seem like stale material .
he is probably the best thing in the film and conjures up memories of peter ustinov's performance in spartacus .
and even if the nukes don't get them , the conveniently placed dynamite packs on the train stolen from the set of the road warrior certainly will .
was the motto for this television series pilot ( i call it a pilot , i don't care what fox network says ) revival of the cult classic british tv show , doctor who , that spawned no series , which means there are no smart network execs out there ( not exactly news to a lot of people , i know ) .
his only longing is for his long lost love , lilianna ( joanna pacula ) , who has since moved to america .
up till that point , i was transported to this world where these real but mildly insane events were taking place .
i like that the film doesn't take a clear shot at any of the political parties or affiliations , but at politics in general and how everything is run by the rich ( although the anti-rich sentiments do get a bit tiresome by the end of the film ) . ?
the screenplay , by mark andrus and james l . brooks , is clever , touching , and funny .
this is that little dog .
i found this out after seeing the film , and i can't remember ever being so impressed with a film maker .
the whole film seems to be in a race with itself to be over , as is evident in the final sequence , where there is no comedic denouement after the climax .
first , the football sequences are nothing new , nor can they be ; the sports genre isn't mainstream and it's been retread to death .
fears' direction is somewhat stilted , and the script is sometimes a little too ( and this is a word i'm beginning to hate to use but alas i must ) quirky for its own good ( i think i'll blame that on scott rosenberg , who judging from what he did with beautiful girls , con air , and things to do in denver while your dead , has his fingerprints all over the most irritating bits of this movie ) .
she is a definite beauty , though , and looking at her is never an unpleasant experience .
regina taylor fares well amidst the mediocrity as the young activist who confusedly ends up falling for the man she believed to be her nemesis .
seen the trailer . . .
her teenage son beau , a talented trumpet player with strong prospects of being accepted into wesleyan university's music program , has fallen in with the wrong crowd .
this is the second film in a row ( following wing commander ) starring freddie prinze jr . which should have premiered on the aisles of the local blockbuster but was likely saved from that fate due to the fluke success of she's all that .
the story unfurls slowly but engrossingly ; its unexpected finish is definitely worth the wait .
films which don't pretend to take themselves seriously , are based on idiotic premises and filled with dumb jokes .
it seems anderson saw the film was going on a bit , and needed to wrap up quickly .
" what happens if jerry gets mad ? " he asks .
some of the model heads look appaling fake , and quatto is a major disappointment .
the play is being directed by corky st . clair ( christopher guest , who also wrote and directed this " mockumentary " as well as co-writing several original musical numbers ) , the effeminate broadway hopeful determined to make this production a smashing success .
most dysfunctional families in the movies are more angry and mean-spirited than diabolically abnormal as this one is .
the full-of-life student fights stodgy establishment types .
not in themselves--they weren't that good--but their overuse .
leonard has only a few clues to the murderer's identity ; to make matters worse , he suffers from a condition which inhibits the creation of short-term memories , meaning that leonard is always forgetting what happened just minutes earlier .
easily the best hollywood piece for 1997 .
there's no remorse--the next day they're talking about it as openly as a homework assignment .
while preparing to commit suicide , she encounters drug addict constance ( celine bonnier ) , who causes madeleine to re-think her decision .
in a wonderfully executed performance by ian michael smith , simon birch is convinced that he's god's instrument , and there must be a reason he's so small .
in this hilarious french farce , a shy , boring accountant ( daniel auteil ) named francois pignon discovers he's going to be fired from his job at a condom factory .
the film concerns mr . bean ( atkinson ) and his visit to america while escorting the painting of " whistler's mother " to an american buyer ( played by burt reynolds , in the type of bit part that his success in " boogie nights " should hopefully do away with ) .
get john waters .
no creative flair and no inventive scenes means that hard rain does not stand up well against its many competitors , but it doesnt really matter since the last thing you would want to do after shelling about $8 . 50 is compare this to other films .
the mother , jo ( jeanine jackson ) , is an ideal housewife .
his growing dissatisfaction with his job is only one of the mid-life crisis he is suffering .
while their purpose is to introduce us to the characters and to get the story going ( which they do ) , i feel as though it could have been done much quicker , and less conventionally .
you might as well bring ear plugs because this thing is louuuudd !
perhaps it could be somewhat embarrassing to see a 61 year old man rapping , but beatty does it so well it's irrelevant .
the joylessness of the proceedings , from the oppressively shady lighting to the mechanical fight scenes , can be felt in every frame .
the violent scenes in this movie are violent and the entire film is wrapped in a soundtrack that'll kick your arse from this end of the theatre to the next .
eventually , they decide to call a truce , and they work out a deal .
. . . except that the hand would have transferred that image backwords .
that movie worked because it took an unconventional story , unique characters and well written plot and dialogue to create a truly scary movie .
this nasty , little horror film begins as a bickering brother ( justin long ) and sister ( gina philips ) are driving through the desolate countryside on their way home from college and spy a man dropping wrapped-up bodies down a drainage pipe .
this presents the option for kilmer to achieve his goal .
michael returns home and does not feel at all like a hero .
the cast , for the most part , gives great performances .
" metro " happens to be a lot better than any film in the " beverly hills cop " series .
unfortunately , the killings help create a climate of suspicion pits neighbor against neighbor .
think about it . . .
" be a man , " his father lectures him sternly .
the acting by all is quite good , but i particularly liked elijah wood .
his favorite topic is oral sex , but , being an equal opportunity profaner , he's willing to make crude jokes about absolutely anything .
first off , the ira is having a small civil war between its leader joe hamill ( brian cox ) , and one of its sub-leaders , harry ( gerard mcsorley ) , both having opposing views on getting many of their members out of jail .
will hunting ( matt damon ) is a natural genius .
jakob's character arc may be about his willingness to act for the benefit of others , but there are plenty of others without poor little lina .
however , i doubt douglas finds it very hard to play a stogie smoking , drinking womanizer with a creepy underside .
he even thanks god that he didn't make him a woman .
only after cole is locked in a closet by some bullies ( and hospitalized as a result ) does he divulge to malcolm , in a spine-tingling scene , that he sees dead people walking among us , all the time .
and the look and feel of the film is perpetually downcast .
however , the film pulls itself together in a flash , and after that song is over , and the giddily nihilistic song " goodbye and thank you , " where we see eva go through a long line of lovers who help her ascend , is magnificent , darkly comical , and just gleeful .
virtually no plot .
aberdeen doesn't know where else to go .
only in this game , you play for money .
if it wasn't for the first 15 minutes that the writers wrote , which are rugged and certainly flawed , the story of us would have been this year's best picture .
my giant runs too long even at just 1 : 37 .
their second effort , " the adventures of felix , " once again borrows from america with a tale of a young man who hits the road to find himself .
it's ironic that this film probably would have gotten him back into real movies again , as he gives a fun and sincere performance .
lucas seems to be lost among the crowd of his so-called classics .
tobey maguire plays paul hood , the 16-year-old narrator of the story who also happens to be the least prevalent character .
babe ruth didn't quit baseball after one season to play football in a quixotic quest to prove his athletic dexterity , and neither should stone reject what she does best .
.
the brilliance of this scene is also due , in part , to soderbergh , for he cuts back and forth from their quiet discussion in a bar to the physical act which takes place a few minutes later .
i didn't really expect very much when i rented stuart saves his family .
roth is ferocious , cunning , cruel and savage as the fascist chimp who wants to rid his planet of all vestiges of humanity .
it's a freaking movie and i don't want reality thrown in my face .
( chan's first release in this country , " rumble in the bronx " , was supposedly set in new york , but was filmed in vancouver , and in the chase scenes the canadian rockies are clearly visible . )
with so many cliches available to this genre , i find it amazing that kasdan avoided all of them .
the student tells him the others are still in the mountains , but suggests that it may not be a good place to be .
( did he have no say so at all ? )
the first movie ( mortal kombat ( 1995 ) ) concerned itself with a martial arts tournament that would decide the fate of earth ( and it's 5 billion inhabitants ) .
gene hackman as right-wing potential father-in-law is refreshing in one of his few comedic roles .
the re-make is successful in that respect .
i wonder if disney uses the revenues for it's generally money-making cartoons to produce these losers .
when i first saw the preview for cruel intentions , i turned to my friend and said , " dangerous liaisons for kids ! "
( and countless other indie films ) share something in common with blockbuster action films : problems are solved when the obstacle is removed .
it is never mentioned , but the gravity on mars has been increased somehow to earth-normal , again making it easier to film .
i found the choice of b . d .
we're introduced to patch as he commits himself to a mental institution because of his suicidal tendancies .
and if you're a fan of argento's unique style of giallo thriller then it's essential .
all the comic potential in a scene is dug out and presented to the audience .
after having said that , i will also say that this movie does all of the above very well .
so what are the lessons learnt : 1 .
funnest damn movie i've seen all year .
nearly every joke misfires .
the chase sequence inside the chicken grinder parodies both " raiders of the lost ark " and " indiana jones and the temple of doom . "
lawrence kasdan is a director known to have worked with kevin on five of his movies , including the big chill , silverado , i love you to death , grand canyon and french kiss .
they are given the positions to make rational decisions at difficult times and they are the ones who fulfill the demands of the audience .
leder loves to show the actors' faces before and during moments of terror .
that is not the case here .
when he has a chance to romp with a pretty exchange student , his inexperience comes shining through .
the pompous , selfish behavior of farquaad is enough to make him a target for zingers .
not only do we get the usual tired sports chestnuts , but the banal rich girl-poor boy love story is tossed in for good measure .
after the marriage , the group , including axel ( chuck aspegren ) , spend one last day on a hunting trip , one of their favorite past-times .
it's funny how the reality of the `star wars' world seems so embedded in mythology , new age-like philosophy and religion and yet the solution to all the major conflicts in the series has been violence .
surprisingly , he does , and now constantly reminds everyone that he is a living miracle .
some of the best scenes are apes running into battle looking like they have ape posture , but when they start flying through the air the effect is lost .
we do not get to know the parents very well , nor any of the main characters .
these people are merely taking it to another level .
together with her father dr . porter ( nigel hawthorne ) and the big game hunter clayton ( brian blessed ) , jane is on an expedition to find and study the wild gorillas of africa .
endings and the third ending being the actual ending .
fortunately , i turned out to be wrong .
cuba gooding jr . performs with a hyped-up level of energy which contrasts nicely with that of kinnear , and comes through with a near constant comic performance .
in the world of mortal kombat , based on the popular arcade game , dark forces from outworld try to infiltrate earth's realm with the ulimate goal of total conquest and the destruction of humanity .
when one man is shot in the head we see blood oozing out onto the ground -- so black and murky , its almost pomegranate red .
synopsis : this is the fourth film in the chucky series , which debuted in the late 1980s .
the story line is pure formula , which has largely been true throughout the years for almost all of the tarzan movies .
unfortunately , " showgirls " doesn't satisfy in this department .
the same can't be said for films like independance day , but that's because contact is a rare example in sci-fi filmmaking where the story is treated more importantly than the special effects , and all of us know looking back that id4 didn't offer much outside of some one-time delightful eye candy .
we soon find out why in a painful scene where lucas is humiliated by the jocks during a pep rally .
for the first time .
life treats them well until hitler's minions rise to power , and the family is whisked away to a german camp , where guido becomes convinced that he must upholds his son's innocence no matter what the sacrifice .
the rest of the performances are wasted .
( i am now talking very slowly as if to simulate infinite wisdom ) .
the same goes for aidan quinn , as a handsome police investigator , who has the misfortune of being the romantic lead opposite bullock , even though he comes into it at around the 70-minute mark , and once again , there is no attempt to develop their relationship , or his character , in any way .
the film is like a piece of literature put up on the big screen .
sometimes you just have to tip your hat to a film .
there can never be enough , and death is the only escape . .
in a nutshell , the current crop of films from hong kong has been maddeningly convoluted and visually sumptuous .
when comparing this movie to the fugitive , the prequel is far superior .
what follows are some generic all-girls school hijinks . . .
ticoton ( most recently seen in con air ) , again , is ok , doing some good action , but getting her emotions all wrong .
don't get me wrong , this film is not devoid of laughs .
sex is there , but it isn't gratuitous or titillating .
because there is not one original idea in " mission to mars . "
a guerrilla war is always bad for civilians .
wild wild west is a cinematic abomination - a film that was so entirely pointless to begin with that it is never given a proper chance to get out of the gate .
filmy cherubic spirits take shape under sheets and billowy curtains .
i thought : liam neeson , cathrine zeta jones and jan de bont .
he is currently gun-running for a gang of very successful bank robbers led by scalise ( rocco ) .
in this 3 hour advertisement for his new hair weave , costner plays a nameless drifter who dons a long dead postal employee's uniform and gradually turns a nuked-out usa into an idealized hippy-dippy society .
a slightly crazed cop ( tom atkins ) and the requisite girl with the face of an angel ( jill whitlow ) join these two geeky university students ( jason lively and steve marshall ) to do battle with the slugs .
" how did you know that ? "
the plot is typical .
set in the 1940's , the film tells the story of a unique young man named homer wells ( tobey maguire , ride with the devil ) .
this vacuous picture throws in a standard downer ending in an attempt to manipulate our emotions .
laconic , removed , schindler strides through the film a detached prescence who watches all , does much , and leaves feeling as if he could , should , have done more then he did and was able to .
mayer ( party girl ) , could have been worse than it is .
and elle deserves better .
it turns out the truth is more horrifying than any legend .
or is the villain in fact lacrosse , only pretending to be after the cold-hearted murderer he knows so much about .
this one shot amazes me because it captures a whole theme in a matter of seconds .
eventually , not satisfied with being the world's foremost authority on bostock , giles boards a plane and travels to long island , where his idol's home is located .
the central conflict arises when both jack and karen become obsessed with one another , though their respective jobs make them superficially incompatible .
naturally , the potential victim escapes into her car and drives off .
ripley is pushed up against a wall , and the alien stands inches away from her .
" toy story 2 " is also remarkable for the way in which it keeps reinventing itself .
" the tailor of panama " succeeds because the principals behind it were bright enough to make it more than a simple entertainment .
lela rochon is just some woman who accuses them of stuff , while paul sorvino is both the good guy and the bad guy at once !
but it was the conscious , human choice to * initialize * this automatic arming that " fail-safe " also finds dangerous .
if you see the film , you'd know what i'm talking about :
he does provide some explanations such as that dr . schreber is an assistant to `the strangers' because he somehow could synthesize memory into chemical form .
it is one i rate an 8 on the 0 to 10 scale and a high +2 on the -4 to +4 scale .
? rated : pg .
the characters have been recycled from a few hundred other movies .
he is also an esteemed film critic , lending intelligence and historical perspective to us in much of his writing .
i didn't care one way or the other who ended up with turner .
it's the year 2058 , and earth's precious resources are quickly being usurped by the needs of its massive population .
i greeted the prospect with high anticipation ; burton's whole career seemed to be leading up to this .
hmm . . . .
nor do the otherworldly powers that serve to bring them together make sense , so we're left with a ho-hum relationship based on enchanted eclairs ; it's not going to last long , people .
the thing is , nobody , including howard , can understand how cameron came to that conclusion , and such wild and unexpected news can only wreak havoc in such a conservative american haven such as greenleaf .
imagine the yuks .
it focuses on the closed eyes of a person presumed dead .
huh ?
in the supporting cast , theresa russell plays the much oversexed sandra van ryan , daphne rubin-vega gives an unappealing performance as cop gloria perez , and bill murray shines as sam's lawyer , ken bowden .
a bug's life has animation that is simply stunning .
3 ) any film where siff associate director gary tucker refers to the lead as " old pouty-lips " is probably not worth watching .
the story takes place in lahore , which was indian before partition , and pakistani afterward , regardless of what its citizens might call themselves .
one day , while riding on a train , he's see's a ad for a company called 'rekall' , which implants memories of a holiday , instead of you actually going there yourself .
from there , coufax basically acts as the kid's father , teaching him different things like peeing on the side of a building and tripping up skateboarders with sticks .
this is an interesting plotline that is sure to mesmerize trekkers everywhere and engage everyone else , but , unfortunately , it only makes up the star trek half of the script by brannon braga and ronald d . moore .
finally , nathan lane , who is usually a little too over-the-top , is appropriately restrained as a vision therapist .
heil !
the " terminator " films made up for them with exciting action , " back to the future " did it with an entertaining story , and the new film " frequency " pulls off the trick with a strong package of its own .
attempts at drama ( which means julia is going to cry ) include a pregnancy scare and the big break up .
several family members arrive giving rise to several plotlines involving sex , family secrets , or both .
the director even sent a note to his cast reading , " i dare you to make me say you've gone too far . "
hating them would be like cursing a hurricaine .
is this a film about a man trying to find redemption by catching a nasty killer ?
this is also a tale of revenge , and a funny one at that .
.
i hope he improves again because his next project is the big screen version of the cult tv series " the prisoner . "
all this leads to a finale that is so dumb , and so stupid that is it unbelievably dumb , and the stunts , dialogue and acting all ruin this movie .
not only does it cross the line of bad taste when it comes to blood , gore and body parts shown on the screen , it blissfully jumps over that line , apparently unaware that the movie trailers appeal to an audience of five to fifteen year olds ( of which i saw many in the theatre ) .
all in all , this movie believes itself to be a clever , humorous and edgy look behind the closed doors of hollywood , but comes across as a boring , stupid and completely unentertaining piece of shite .
>from a material standpoint , " switchback " is pretty empty .
well , if you're a super smart bio-molecular research scientist working for the military , you'd grope a co-worker and rough-up your neighbor from across the street .
it's too bad that there aren't more movies like this around - movies that tackle political corruption in a way that challenges viewers to pay more attention to real politics .
secrets & lies has a simple enough theme at its heart -- as one character puts it , " best to tell the truth , isn't it ?
susan granger's review of " big eden " ( jour de fete )
elton wants his sons to be the perfect heirs to his fortune . . . instead
even after exley receives a promotion for his work on the murder case , happenings began to link itself to the murder .
delayed since the spring , this version stars the irish hunka hunka burning love colin farrell ( the best part of schumacher's tigerland ) as the bad-ass jesse james .
( yes , he survives this storm , but then no storm is perfect . )
" mimic " has a lot of incidental shock tactics ( boo !
this is apparently the first star trek film to utilize computer animation , and the result is very pleasing to the eye : particularly in the climactic scenes , in which the son'a employ a giant space ship to suck up the rings of the ba'ku planet , the special effects have a clean , impressively sharp look .
unfortunately , it was saturated with traditional , disney-cute animation , and lost points against the rapidly-changing face of the competition .
i didn't like performance put forth from quinn's wife in this flick , but then again , she doesn't show up in most of the film , so that wasn't so bad .
unfortunately , the lazy fei-hong only practices six of them . . .
the right stuff was the last of them , swan song of an era when producers allowed directors to spend big bucks on unusual , risk-taking " artsy " projects .
by doing this , absoltuely no tension can be drawn from any attempt to stop the comet because we all know that it won't work .
without the proper handling , they come off as old-fashioned , bland , and outdated .
it does this by keeping us in a fantasy world where most of the schemers' schemes come off beautifully , and fail only in entertaining and humorous fashion .
how is it that an individual screenplay ( _rushmore_ ) and a novel ( _election_ ) contain so many significant plot points , and yet both films were probably not even aware of each other , made from two different studios , from a genre ( the high school geeks revenge movie ) that hadn't been fully formed yet ?
arquette turns in yet another of her stiletto-heeled , platinum blonde bombshell roles ( see : " lost highway , " " true romance " ) while quoting embarrassing lines like " i'm not wearing any underwear . "
but reindeer games makes its first serious mistake during the first half an hour .
michael browning's clever screenplay allows for plenty of notable one-liners ( my favorite , taken in context , is " you mean _arrrgh_ pirates ? " ) , and though it essentially boils down to one mishap after another , they're all quite engaging .
i think that any competent member of the human race who's ever seen a movie--any movie--could probably predict just about every turn in the wedding singer .
one needs only to see his film " fist of legend " to understand that the man is without peer in the realm of martial art combat .
by the end of the film the audience actually finds themselves , somewhat grudgingly , liking larry flynt .
stuffy art dealer , allan hopper ( greg cruttwell ) has kidney stones .
they only end up breaking the comet into two pieces , which means even more destruction to the earth .
elements of each of these genres exist in the film , yet it fails to successfully achieve any of them .
the story is all about the love , motion sickness , and cooking ability of isabella ( cruz ) , who is born in bahia , brazil and learns to cook at an early age from her parents' cook .
the x-files is impressive in concept , as well : fans of the series are likely to be highly critical , and to take the premise beyond the series is a risky move .
davis plays samantha caine , a mousy suburban school teacher and mother whose memories only go back eight years .
instead , the film inundates the audience with countless shots of people and/or cars rolling downhill in the forest , and with constant annoying references to other disney films .
one that comes to mind is " the matrix " when neo , morpheus , trinity , and the rest of the gang first come into the virtual world .
it's fairly obvious who the killer is ; in fact , i predicted who it would be before the movie began and was correct in my preliminary suspicions .
hackman has lines like " everybody needs money .
making use of a cast of unusually stock characters , williamson designs an alien invasion that will not be done independence day-style but rather " through the back door . "
all in all , i give " overdrawn at the memory bank " a .
life is beautiful is an artsy movie by convention but easily accessible to everyone , and above all is a fine thematic picture .
we learn only a little about mike , both past and present .
6 .
and singer sinead o'connor appears rather effectively as the virgin mary who occasionally gives francis advice .
portman's queen amidala and mcgregor's obi-wan kenobi don't fare nearly so well .
getting back to the point , my philosophy on comparing films being fair works because we're reflecting what the public wants to know anyway .
the only problem is that jerome morrow is vincent freeman .
nope , it's another bunch of guys , and directed by george miller , who has shown great skill with stunts/special effects before ( the road warrior , " nightmare at 20 , 00 feet " episode of twilight zone : the movie ) but apparently doesn't know when to turn off the wind machine and let his people act .
bob rueland ( david duchovny ) loses his wife elizabeth ( joely richardson ) in a car accident .
the film's most effective scene is a tender , quiet exchange between clooney and alfred ( michael gough ) , bruce wayne's butler and surrogate father .
of course !
the moods shift , the styles shift , and no one can seem to decide if it is a serious film or satire of one .
" end of days " aims to be an apocalyptic thriller .
the problem is carly is a manic-depressive and when she isn't flirting with any man who happens to be near her , she's fantasizing about a fictious world where she'd rather be .
i hope to see more of this warm actor with the disarmingly honest face very soon .
the idea behind the movie is that the mad slasher of the film muders people according to various urban legends .
somehow , bruckheimer manages to attract top hollywood acting talent to high concept , poorly written movies , gussies up the film with lots of gold hues and pleasingly stylized action and they sell like proverbial hotcakes .
realizing what a bad idea this is , proffessor john hammond ( richard attenborough ) decides to send a team to document the dinosaurs , so as to rally public support to preserve the island .
it helps matters that he's not a particularly likable protagonist .
a drama ?
actor tom selleck was originally cast as indiana jones , but was committed to his hit tv show , " magnum p . i . " .
to speechless .
so what , exactly , is the fifth element ?
but the script is beyond rescue .
while these may not be the most unusual themes to fashion into a motion picture , rudolph's atypical approach to the characters and their situations makes for an intriguing , if not always pleasant , movie .
and while the film's narrative doesn't really warrant a running time of 155 minutes , it's filled with such sumptuous riches , ranging from the brashness of the vivid soundtrack to entertaining , inconsequential conversations between the characters , that there wasn't an unengaging moment .
slavery is bad .
take the plunge .
sexual innuendoes and profanity pop up occasionally , which makes dreamworks' animated feature geared more for an adult crowd .
like 3 men and a baby , cousins is an americanized version of a french film : 1975's cousin , cousine .
lucy seems pretty happy with her life of drugs , which apparently is funded by her mother .
we learn through a flashback that his father drowned when truman was a child , sailing through a rainstorm .
the arms race between the soviets and america was supposed to kick-off the apocalypse .
max is one of the best-written characters we've yet seen in the 90s , and schwartzman plays him to perfection in one of the finest comedy performances ever given by someone of his age .
in this first trek feature to feature only cast members from the late star trek : the next generation television series , captain jean-luc picard ( patrick stewart ) and the rest of the 24th-century crew of the starship enterprise--commander will riker ( jonathan frakes , who also directed ) , android lt . cmdr .
" a breed apart " isn't a bad movie , exactly .
her husband beams at suzanne's profound knowledge of world politics and then proudly proclaims that this qualifies her to be the next barbara walters .
this leaves the movie with an hour to go and only three characters , which really isn't enough to sustain it .
now flooded with memories of a full life with his father alive , john is initially overjoyed , until he discovers that the changes to the timeline have been disastrous : a serial killer that would have died has instead lived to kill seven more women .
to cure her motion sickness , her parents tried every remedy , until they went to a spiritualist who prayed to the goddess of the sea for her cure .
just when she is about to bolt for the exit , he shows her a small gap in the wall adjoining his store with the noodle shop next door .
travis' intriguing backstory is mentioned a couple times but has no effect on the story .
barb wire has only two things going for it . . .
where as worm prefers to go the sleazy route of cheating ( hence his jail time ) , mike always takes the cards he's dealt and works with them .
pennebaker ( the war room , moon over broadway ) surprisingly chooses to show a broad spectrum of the audience .
and big fat snails ! "
but it's just so unbelievably boring , cliche , dumb , unfunny , corny , and just plain bad it may scare children , it certainly disturbed me .
they constantly shift and turn and arc their heads in mock interest in what has got to be one of the worst perfomances that a large group of people have given at one time ever .
while adequate , brawley nolte ( sean ) doesn=92t provide much to the film other than occupying space to build the story around .
in little odessa , he meets mikhail's girlfriend , alex ( natasha henstridge , last seen in species ) , who helps him solve the mystery and adds immeasurably to the mise-en-scene ( she has very nice breasts , and we get to seen them briefly in this movie ; it was rated r in the us but is pg here , so they must have seen more of her breasts than we do ) .
some real excitement , i suppose .
if you're not asleep within the first half hour , consult your doctor .
after all , everybody , young and old , in this movie has no life whatsoever and do nothing but obssess over high school football .
good .
the reasoning is , of course , that if a comet is going to strike , they might as well be out in some scenic rural location .
perhaps the ultimate escapist thriller was the fugitive , which featured none of the flash-bang effects of today's market but rather a bread-and-butter , textbook example of what a clever script and good direction is all about .
terrorists can grab the headlines , but the tobacco companies have the real position of power .
i would doubt anyone with a character like melvins would be able to turn back to a nice , loving person .
sometimes they pay off ( i . e .
damn this movie for not giving them the chance .
>from the commercials , this looks like a mild-mannered neil simonesque tale with mary tyler moore baring her bra touted as the highlight .
" stay away from my son " margaret warns darby reese .
butch was ordered to take a fall in his latest fight , but when he does not , marsellus vows to find him , wherever he is , and make sure that butch is not able to enjoy his new fortune .
in the special edition , even more ships are added , making the final space battle incredibly fun to watch .
i'm sue a lot was cut , but really i can't remember what .
by bringing up the godfather , i don't mean to suggest that robert altman's the gingerbread man is destined for that level of greatness .
the tone is soporific , the supposedly-intellectual prattle is inane and uninteresting , the plot meanders in a pointless and irritating manner ( although it doesn't take long for the viewer to determine that the story is largely unimportant ) , and the symbolism is obvious .
so the new ripley is , indeed , new--a human/alien hybrid blessed with heightened instincts and strength , a psychic bond with the deadly species , and a more predatory attitude .
" you know , for kids " - norville barnes
smith's a better reactor than actor , which is why he was so thoroughly engaging in men in black-he didn't start out a hero .
he has devoted his life to others , and never fulfilled his dream of leaving his small supburb town , bedford falls .
supporting characters and shady sup-plots are introduced , but as is the case with films made up of a large cast of characters , only a handful have any real significance . . .
or original .
" virus , " again , has a similar , uh , selling point : a group of sailors on a boat stumble upon a russian cruiser that is dead in the water .
the film tries so hard to surprise its audience that the twists end up being easy to guess -- just take a stab at the most unlikely thing to happen , and that will probably be it .
on another hand , i found it difficult to laugh at some of francie's darkly comic shenanigans because he obviously is such a sick , needy child , having been raised by a drunken father ( stephen rea ) and a suicidal mother ( aisling o'sullivan ) .
i remember hearing about this film when it first appeared at cannes over a year ago , picking up the grand jury prize at the festival .
a fight breaks out between the two when the co accuses hank of not being able to satisfy his wife .
unfortunately , this film has too little of those supposedly erotic scenes , so those who wanted to watch erotic thriller have all the reasons to feel disappointed .
the sad truth is that jude is one of the miserable people who can never get any luck in this world .
what could of been a moving movie with good effects turns out to be a dud in both characters and effects .
as soon as han is freed from his cryo-freeze and rescued from the clutches of the evil jabba the hutt , it's back to outer space , where the rebel alliance is about to face the empire's newest threat : a second , more powerful death star , that , if activated , could spell doom for anyone who stands against the emperor .
also underweight are maury chaykin and terry kinney .
sometimes i think that's why anyone goes to see pauly shore movies , ever .
whether that works in this film's favor or not is beyond me .
oh , and jam ( real name jeremiah ) has a really , really annoying ultra-religious mother who ought to be reported to the child welfare agency .
i rate it a 7 on the 0 to 10 scale and a low +2 on the -4 to +4 scale .
can you answer all these questions correctly in 2 seconds without seeing the film first ?
and god bless the patriot !
that really doesn't take away from the story too much , but it does hurt it a little bit .
perhaps they thought it was a parody of the sniggering sex comedies of the '60s .
everyone involved should really reconsider their careers at this point .
the game is a quiet war , with strategies just as complex and the same sense of honor among the soldiers .
still , the two veteran actors are fun to watch .
not to be confused with the campy and far inferior 1988 remake starring ex-porn star traci lords , this more recent attempt at remaking the 1950's drive-in schlockfest not of this earth is a real gem and was quite possibly the best sci-fi flick of 1995 .
only when cage is onscreen with the excellent phoenix does the film start moving , as phoenix is a true talent .
all's well for about the first hour of this slow-moving film , until mia eats some of the neighbors' chocolate mousse and passes out .
it is an obscure gem that has been over shadowed in the us by such movies as mission impossible and id4 .
there is just nothing original or intriguing about this film , and so many developments are either non-relevant , or just plain forgotten about .
jake gyllenhaal is outstanding as the kid at the center of this film .
alek spera threatens to hand over compromising videotape of beau to the police unless margaret comes up with $50 , 000 by 4 o'clock the next day .
basically , a biological war machine is created : a smart dog can be released in battle , track down its target , and then relay the target's position , psychically , to a large creature designed to kill in hand-to-hand combat .
but this is where the good things end .
however , they have more in mind than fishing when they catch sight of two young girls , sandra ( carol hawkins ) and carol ( sherrie hewson ) .
so what's the problem with 48 hours clones these days ?
chambers' d'artangnan isn't a musketeer -- he's a mouseketeer !
-bill chambers ; september , 1998
unemployed , living in a disastrously unkempt apartment and faced with limited time with his three beloved children , daniel decides to respond to miranda's ad for an afternoon housekeeper .
although jeff rejects the offer ( he wants to stay with his car ) , amy agrees , hops into warren's lorry , and promptly disappears .
the movie stacks the deck so heavily in favor of the lions , they should have gotten top billing and co-starred with siegfried and roy .
as a feature film , however , the finished product is bland and tasteless fluff with only an occasional whiff of cuteness to keep the gears from stopping entirely .
sure , there are plenty of pop star film vehicles out there -- from the beatles' a hard day's night to the spice girls' spice world -- but none have been so vapidly pointless or laughable as glitter .
her name is maggie , a 16 year old who certainly is a beauty , with lovely red hair and a sweet , innocent complexion .
the sequel to the fugitive ( 1993 ) , u . s marshals is an average thriller using it's association with the fugitive just so it can make a few extra bucks .
this dichotomy not only describes individuals that we all know , but can also illustrate societies .
the elements of romance at two different levels of enlightenment ( a pair of masters and a pair of youngsters ) are poignantly represented .
this movie is by far the worst offering that has hit the screen since possibly those ernest movies years ago .
trainspotting is that shooting star that burns across a sky littered with static constellations .
or an intelligent one .
in the movie , gordie starts up an ill-fated romance with nitro girl sasha ( the lovely rose mcgowan .
the film was shot by veteran cinematographer roger deakins , who has worked with the coens on three other films , " barton fink , " " the hudsucker proxy , " and " fargo . "
have you ever seen a movie that you really enjoyed , then when you look back , you realize there was something missing ?
as `sleepy hollow' opens , we're greeted with a juicy cameo from martin landau , who won an oscar in burton's `ed wood' .
that is until his school teacher finds him reading a book and demands that the young boy proclaim his name , that of a catholic saint .
but the plot , while cohesive in it's own creepy way is secondary to just trying to figure out what the hell is going on in this universe .
a point well made in this candid and honest film .
the fact that he's a wedding singer is only superficially relevant to the story .
the supporting cast is excellent , and the town of seahaven looks delightfully perfect , so perfect it's creepy .
one of the other eggs on board the wrecked escape pod hatches , and soon a newly-gestated alien is running amuck .
in the end , it's cringeworthy .
this movie is a mix of funny gags that anly beavis and butthead could pull off .
because of his intensity and looks , he reminds me of sean penn .
where to begin with this painfully poor thriller ?
one girl said if i'd seen the movie with " an open mind , " i would have enjoyed it .
welcome to the dog days of winter when the only film openings of merit are those oscar contenders that the studios opened in late december in new york and l . a . and which are just now beginning to appear elsewhere .
rudolph has painted an able picture of the non-romantic side of love -- the one that has more to do with tolerance and familiarity than with affection and attraction .
the motto was well chosen .
sandler does a good job here , as he does in most of his movies .
basically this movie is reasonably fun .
a good 75% of the characters are introduced , kick somebody around a bit , then either die or are forgotten about .
it is an al franken production through-and-through , who not only created the title character but also wrote and starred in the picture .
barrymore comes off best in the physical comedy aspects of the script in which she tries to walk , talk and act like a cool , hip high schooler .
if you don't make that kind of movie , you'll be shining my shoes in no time . "
sethe and denver immediately take to the rasping woman and try to nurse her to health .
the acting is ok .
and last , i was surprised at how good the plot is .
also in the supporting cast , paul giamatti as rudy , one of the hostages , is notable for the comic relief he provides .
days later , william sneaks into her hotel suite under the guise of a magazine journalist , and so begins a passionate , albeit surreptitious , affair .
the premise of turbulence is i'm sure very familiar to us all .
[pg]
a scene in the sub suggests that it's illusion , but earlier episodes indicate that it's not .
probably the best scenes in the film occur during the end credits .
well , in the first one , we'd go into a film thinking it's going to be dumb or it's going to be good , and that would affect our viewing ( that movie sounds and looks dumb , so i'm not expecting much ) .
that's like repackaging campbell's soup in a generic food can , really .
the dialogue in the film is , well , an embarrassment .
don't worry - it'll all make sense when you see it .
unfortunately , the force is certainly no longer with mark hamill ( he looks very sick here ) , and this movie shares only basic plot elements with watchers , the book .
meanwhile , henry seduces both simon's dependent mother ( porter ) and immature sister ( sundance queen posey ) with philosophical babble ( which is by turns brilliant and inane ) and breathy animal lust .
this is director jonathan glazer's first film , but he has reputedly done some notable tv ads for guinness stout .
such a glorified workshop may have its rewards for the actors , but it leaves audiences with a booby prize .
going for the gore and bringing on a few action sequences here and there , virus still feels very empty , like a movie going for all flash and no substance .
the situation goes from bad to worse as the army mutinies , the remaining whites begin to evacuate or arm themselves , belgian troops violently intervene , the lucrative katanga province succeeds under the leadership of rival moise tschombe ( pascal nzonzi ) and lumumba is refused access to his own country when he returns from a conference abroad .
can you see it ?
while the tongue-in-cheek , parodic element is still noticeable in this film , it's really a sideshow to a broader commentary on violence and the media and a more conventional horror story .
if you look at it in that respect , for richer or poorer will end up making someone happy after all !
sherman has just invented a new " youth drink " that enables man or beast to become younger for a short period of time .
it was , believe it or not , one of the funnest times i've had at the movies all year .
this suspicion was confirmed by besson himself , who told me in the lobby following the screening ( imagine that , the filmmaker watching the film with the " enemy " --the critics ) that what had made it to the screen was really just the first half of the lengthy original fifth element screenplay and that the second half--now titled mr . shadow--is still waiting to be made .
the result should have been more interesting than " the cell . "
the only person in the movie who's the least bit suspicious of all this is an old friend ( maurice evans ) who calls mia up to give her the bad news -- and immediately falls into a coma .
it's certainly not a bad film for kids ; i doubt joe will give them nightmares .
some scenes with the ghosts are wonderfully creepy , though .
well , it's been about four years since then , and dalmatian fever is coming back , and this time it's digitally enhanced .
carol sees that henry is filled with charisma and self-assuredness .
pseudo- substance - hollywood faking deep meanings in their films .
as is often the case , lynch relies on sound , imagery , and mood more than on dialogue and action to tell his story , and in " lost highway " it works perfectly .
some very good actors are involved in this film .
right when it was beginning to become slightly funny seeing these actors get humiliated at an old folk's home by some masked goons , captain amazing comes in and saves the day ? or ruins the movie .
speaking of bombshells , denise richards , who plays almost every scene in a blue bikini top , does the teen tease thing with a malicious allure that she was never allowed to flaunt in " starship troopers . "
shannon reluctantly agrees and assembles small group of his surviving mercenary friends who begin meticulous preparation for another small war .
iron monkey ( actually a reissue of a 1993 film ) is the story of a 19th chinese vigilante ( rongguang yu ) , fighting with his own unique style of shaolin kung fu for the rights of the oppressed and the bellies of the hungry .
with the flexibility offered by cgi , the sharks get more full-length screen time as their predecessors did in those remote-controlled rubber suit days .
these plans include the all-time , psycho-in-love , cliche : the murdered pet .
once declared queen , elizabeth immediately finds herself under assault , both by her own subjects ( including the duke of norfolk , played with steely-eyed grace by christopher eccleston ) and by forces abroad .
this is my first review that i post to this newsgroup , and i kind of feel like i have to say something negative about this film .
the accusations , the script suggests , are probably untrue , but as brean so pointedly puts it , that isn't particularly relevant : the scandal is likely to derail the president's campaign regardless of its truth or falsehood .
this obviously wasn't a big concern of the film makers .
suggestion to ms . leder : please , stay away from the big screen , or at least the action genre .
do a big comedy , like a remake of it's a mad , mad , mad , mad world .
the movie is really a stand alone in that regard .
every now and then , the filmmakers get it right ( " clear and present danger , " which was enormous fun in that smart kinda way ) , but " the jackal " is an example of when they go completely wrong .
jason patric alias alex spends most of his time flirting with annie , helping other passengers and frolicking in the water .
then she falls over , dead .
coppola's 1992 " bram stoker's dracula " owes a great stylistic debt to murnau's masterpiece , but the one thing it couldn't thieve was the original's abstract charms .
perhaps those artificial humans would find this entertaining .
courtney love obviously has a great understanding for althea's situation , as she is brilliant in portraying althea in every respect .
i'd tell him to quit while he's ahead , but in these last two years , he's ultimately already buried himself .
if you are at all inclined to see it , by all means , go .
it also gives us another chance to experience the skewed vision of tim burton and that's nothing to complain about .
when lester embarks on a mad scramble to feel the edge again , the fact that he has quit his job to feel what it's like - - and his newfound interest in exercise to impress a teenage girl - - ruffle a lot of feathers in the family .
" bully " aims for truth , exploits it shamelessly , then bludgeons it to death .
the character of jerry fletcher is indeed unique .
damon plays the title character , will hunting , a troubled young construction worker/janitor at mit who also happens to be a supergenius .
2 . don't leave them alone in the lobby , not even for a second .
daryl zero ( bill pullman ) is a modern day sherlock holmes .
after graduation , joker is sent over to the height of the action in order to document the war , which is his service .
the drug war has been a total failure so far and with no hope of it being won by law enforcement methods in the future , it has so far just ended up causing america's jails to be overcrowded with non-violent drug prisoners and offers zero hope of curtailing america's drug usage and drug supply .
for god's sake , no -- these people clearly lost interest when they saw the inevitable path of destruction on which this film was travelling .
do i hear the sound of a franchise heading our way ?
it was not the actor s presence that pleased me as much as the role he was cast in the role of a proclaimed genius .
looks like everything might turn out alright after all .
it is the equivalent of a roller-coaster in the amount of thrills and fun that it offers .
unfortunately , there is no dimension to her character .
so far it sounds interesting right ?
" party camp , " is one of the most mindnumbingly brainless comedies i've seen in awhile .
but the film is stolen acting wise by ken stott as ike , who is just a great scene stealer .
if there's one thing in common about all of hollywood's major studios , it's that their productions are moving toward mainstream more and more .
in having trouble to characterize the movie as a whole , boiler room is slightly confused at times .
parillaud and baldwin , who aren't exactly shakespearean material to begin with , are saddled with such leaden dialogue that their characters have zero chance of breaking free of their cardboard confines .
jolie also makes a few false moves towards creating a three-dimensional human being before giving up and turning into scenery .
he confronts the c . o .
the music was also done by a newcomer to the film industry .
a nipple hallucination sort of thing .
osment gives the best performance i've ever seen from a child actor .
in addition , he even has a best friend ( and future sweetheart ) in the lovely , wealthy aloise , whose father strongly disapproves of her hanging out with `lower-class' nello .
the waves that are generated to be part of the typhoon make it look like boat was is small model sitting in a tub and someone is simply creating waves .
as a word of note , despite it's " r " rating , waiting for guffman is really quite clean .
( yes , you should ) .
they only exist to rehash the kind of dynamics that was * written * into a movie like white men can't jump , and which simply does not exist here .
will nello be able to find any happiness in his life ?
and if i get no respect for disliking a movie with all the synthetic feeling of a trailer-a trailer for a movie written by a team of body-builders and greeting card authors-i've never been a prouder wimp my whole life .
living in a concentration camp-like atmosphere , they are led by one plucky hen called ginger ( voice of julia sawalha ) who continually comes up with plans for escape -- and always gets caught , subsequently spending day after day in the coal box .
fifty cars , to be exact .
the film couldn't settle on a particular mood .
and with the arrival of the breakout hit `she's all that' last year ( followed by a long catalogue of imitators including `10 things i hate about you' and `drive me crazy' ) , the genre previously on life support is once again a hot commodity .
he doesn't have much of a life and neither does his star pupil james leer ( tobey maguire ) .
on the down side , the family riff-raff that cuts through most of the picture is lame and time-consuming ( even though we gotta give them credit for " trying " to develop characters in a sci-fi pic ) , the story line is hard to follow , the evil character in the movie actually tells people that he's " evil " , and the movie goes on for about 20 minutes too long .
fight club is going to be misconstrued by a great many people .
with this new film he as writer and director has also assumed viewers are at least vaguely familiar with the storylines and significant plot points of the first trilogy ( err . . .
what frears does so well is that he makes us feel sorry for rob while laughing at his misfortunes .
the designer draws on a variety of sources for his look , including nanook of the north and old bette davis movies , then enlists the aid of a ouija board to help form the collection .
by not making use of sid james and barbara windsor's talent to full effect , the film seems to flounder , but it certainly makes up for it with it's good storyline and it's other appealing characters .
he next helps a stranded lady motorist , isabelle ( ariane ascaride ) , and shags a ride with her and her three kids ( each with a different daddy ) in the sequence titled " my sister . "
" shining " had class , style , story , acting , but most of all talent and originality .
a heartbeat , so to speak in their choreography .
but the comet is a huge mistake , making it more laughable than frightening .
3 ) the comic situations .
i would avoid baby geniuses at all costs .
one gets that choking sensation in the throat ( because of grief ) when one brother forgives another for a costly mistake , or when a husband hugs his wife after a long estrangement .
---- 29 june 1998
the movie affectations are nothing more than distracting .
the judge agrees to release will under two conditions : that he spend one day a week meeting with lambeau and that he spend one day a week meeting with a therapist .
there are some flaws with the plot also , as the characters do the complete opposite to logical ( presumably to keep the story 'exciting' ) and also the fact that the story just isn't strong enough to sustain the audience's attention .
the butcher boy truly is a twisted , unusual film that is bound to make just about anyone uncomfortable .
even for the idiots who didn't consider the movie's title as valerie and a blond newsreporter commented how innocent and charming the defendant seemed , it becomes quite obvious that adam is dangerous when the other suspect washes up .
but this giant has a heart of gold .
however , there are only about four hearty laughs throughout the entire hour and a half ( the most notable being the now infamous tent scene ) , and that just isn't enough to warrant even a minor recommendation .
that wide-open face and helium voiced earnestness suggests a little girl not fully grown into her thirty-year-old body .
a sense of humor may seem to go against everything this horror show stands for , but the self-awareness of the excess just adds to the fun .
plus , as her father notes , she has a real knack for drawing others into her downward spiral .
matt dillon flexes his sleepy-voiced sex appeal , and pulls off personality changes with chameleonic precision .
douglas stars as nathan conrad , renowned new york psychologist , devoted father of jessie conrad ( skye mccole bartusiak ) , and loving husband to aggie conrad ( famke janssen ) .
maybe it's just me , but if i knew i had god on my side , i'd have a little bit more confidence .
bruce willis , a usual action/adventure star , has certainly turned himself around in the past year- he went from being a man who was being typecast to the same role in action movies , to a distinguished , sophisticated actor , as in last summer's the sixth sense ; and now in the story of us , willis shows the world what he can really do if he is fed a good script .
in this shot the audience is at the mercy of the mob ; lang's camera makes us feel vulnerable and powerless as joe must have felt in the jail .
some of the other digital effects are less convincing however . . .
while it still contains some characteristic self-indulgence , mrs .
patch adams a film review by michael redman copyright 1999 by michael redman
appropriately narrow-waisted and equipped with a distractingly white smile ( watch his teeth deteriorate much too quickly to a murky yellow ) , day lewis plays the dashing moral hero with an over-earnestness that longs to be watched .
there's a few early crashes , and then one huge pile-up , but after that it all stops .
damon jones shows a raw energy that many actors can't seem to summon these days and his performance seems nothing less than powerful .
lastly , i am proud to say that i caught a significant gaffe in the film .
zero plus zero plus zero plus zero equals zero .
,
pierce is terrific as the troubled leonard ; moss shows great range as enigmatic natalie ; and pantoliano's teddy achieves a splendidly affable yet sinister quality .
on the weekend of the car wash , kelly's attempts at seduction fall flat , and when they do , she concocts the tale that sam in fact raped her that day .
schumann ; we are apparently meant to assume that everyone is buying it .
in large part the film is about mind games that arnold uses to manipulate his interviewees and especially furtwangler .
when the comet does hit the earth , you almost wish it could just take this film along with it .
" in the heat of the night " was the first and the best of the three films norman jewison directed concerning racism in america .
after couple of years , together with his best childhood friend tommy de vito ( played by joe pesci ) , he joins the crew of expert thieves led by jimmy conway ( played by robert de niro ) .
( " without goliath , david is just some punk throwing rocks . " )
his most startling moment comes when , to prove his power to humiliate , he forces luis against a wall , verbally taunts him while rubbing his cheeks against those of luis and then finishes establishing his dominance with a full-on kiss .
if they're trying for another mary poppins , they need to find a team that can produce one , and then give them a chance to do it .
this time , the victims are jada pinkett and omar epps , whose characters are visiting a local theater for a preview screening of the movie stab ( which is based on the " true life " events of scream ) .
as a character , he doesn't quite register .
everybody is speechless when grandpa declares that he is passing down an inheritance in the amount of 100 million dollars to jimmie .
the film moves into the formula mode , whereas grace beats the odds against her failing to survive , as she meets an international drug dealer , a frenchman ( tcheky karyo ) , who is first seen threatening to cut off her fingers but later becomes her business partner and husband as she becomes a millionaire and writes a best selling fiction book about her experiences , thereby becoming a celebrity .
they are on a desperate hunt to find the remaining two spirits before their time runs out . "
what really happened , this film asks , and it sets this film up extremely well for when rick begins to question people and get different perspectives on the scene . . . and
like dark city , mimic is a definite case of style of content .
the film might have worked had it settled on being one type of film , a mainstream , female forrest gump or an oddball art film , but as both if it falls as flat as diet coke .
the academy of arts & sciences really messed up this year ; they completely overlooked rushmore ( and , if you ask me , it wasn't an accident ) .
including a thirst for human blood that must be kept under control by a special serum which quenches his blood lust .
inspector gadget is missing the long , long stretches of potty humor that ( among other things ) made my favorite martian so unbearable , but it's a very short movie , so perhaps something was cut at the last moment .
the fighting sequences are weakly executed , the dialogue is penny-dreadful and the art direction an odious duplicate of blade runner's .
i have no real tangible proof of this , but i swear that there are a lot of producers in hollywood who adamantly believe that if you take a bad script , written by a bad writer and give the project it to an equally bad director , then it is actually possible to make a good movie .
harry connick jr . , a very good jazz singer , shines as the imprisoned serial killer a la hannibal lecter .
at a party with her best friend linda ( kim dickens ) , annie stumbles upon jessica in a compromising position with lawyer david duncan ( gary cole ) .
by the time all is said and done , walter has become deeply involved , as has the big lebowski's daughter , maude ( julianne moore ) , a feminist performance artist , a pornographer named jackie treehorn ( ben gazzara ) , and a group of german nihilists led by peter stormare , who was so great as the silent but deadly kidnaper in " fargo . "
he and his dim-witted brother jacob ( thorton ) and tubby friend lou ( brent briscoe ) come upon a large bag of cash inside a plane wreck .
comedy needs music .
the fracturing of the story is ultimately a fault .
every clue in the movie -- every clue -- is ambiguous .
he only gets a few decent lines in , although those barely-funny one liners pale in comparison to the hilarious peter venkman character he played three years later in ghostbusters .
we never get inside them , never feel sympathetic to them , because their dialogue and personalities seem pretty bland .
while not as witty as neil simon's murder by death , clue definitely has it moments .
" wild things " is highly entertaining and , indeed , very wild .
here he meets bob ( marvin lee aday , aka meat loaf ) , a cancer-emasculated eunuch with profound gynecomastia .
but in the hands of park and his team , the stories felt fresh and inspired , and not the least bit contrived .
not even a little .
miraculously , they manage to hear her and move away .
julia seems to like robbie too , but she can't leave her seemingly safe and stable fianc ? for the off-chance that robbie might be serious about her .
but they're small niggles really .
examples include the killer in the backseat of the car and person getting calls from inside her house .
as it happens , thanks to a visiting schoolboy's prank , his body is temporarily misplaced , and his mind has to be shunted into the central computer to keep him alive until they can find it .
it just left me thinking , " that was really cool . "
the next morning , fred finds another videotape which , to his ( and our ) surprise , shows him brutally murdering renee in their bedroom .
this is your definitive " hollywood " movie , extremely predictable , following the basic formula ( a horrible ending ) , overzealous writing ( meaning the writing was bad and seemed as if it were trying too hard to make it exciting , therefore making it look as if many things were merely tossed in there to fill space ) and if tommy lee jones and his lovable wise-ass character ( of which we've seen before in the fugitive and quite frankly , wasn't used enough here ) , i'm afraid the film would have been completely unbearable .
boys and girls is about a " nerdy , smart " boy named ryan ( prinze jr . ) and a " popular , flirt " girl named jennifer ( claire forlani ) .
the misbehavers writer/director : robert rodriguez starring : antonio banderes , tamlyn tomita , lana mckissack , danny verduzco , salma hayek
i guess they weren't worried about any federal agents lingering around after the funeral . . . .
they did it because they wanted to , and because they could .
a film review by michael redman copyright 2000 by michael redman
yet this surfeit of signals is made to serve a rather pale and thinly realized love story whose emotional impact is as dry as a desert wind .
raul julia does a good job , considering this was his final film .
he was chosen before birth to be the focus of a 24 hour television show .
will ( barely ) decides to go for the therapy over prison .
charles van doren and herbie stemple were the overnight mega celebrities of their day .
also " romeo must die " must be noted as having the most singularly useless effect ever committed to film , and that is an x-ray effect that appears three times during the course of the film , showing the effect of bone crushing blows on an opponent .
it is a film about the choices men and women make in the face of love and war , and the sacrifices one makes for those choices -- the sacrifices that help you sleep at night .
third times not a charm ?
plus , the whole story is told flashback style , narrated by prinze and stiles directly addressing the camera .
still i held out some hope for " tomb raider . "
and seeing warren beatty have fun is a rare sight indeed .
a new script , an alien invasion story entitled chubby rain , has caught bowfinger's eye .
the cast is earnest , but the direction lacks punch .
please do me a favor and save your money at all costs , or else you will be lost in the fog , like the film itself .
the briefcase stays on the run , as the movie leads the viewer through several plot twists that are badly executed .
camille kessler ( emmanuelle beart ) is a master violinist and the new love of maximes .
* there aren't as many fight scenes in this movie as there were in the first , because the folks making the movie mistakenly try to hang a more robust plot in between .
" when it's cold , molecules aren't moving .
yet the stories and where they are going are all independent .
means so f * * * ing earnest .
in fact , you'd be better off waiting to blow your disposable income when the real kiddie pics ( monsters , inc . , harry potter ) come out next month .
instead of the blackmailers , harry finds a dying ex-cop ( m .
what i find interesting is that the x-files is actually a great way for series neophytes to get into the story .
the context the film uses suggests that this hatred was often glib .
the twins grow up to be powerful wizards , the good one embracing magic , and the bad one utilizing technology to attempt to expand his evil empire .
i laughed at dick ( todd louiso ) , the shy , timorous , steve buscemi character of lebowski , who seems to know what he is talking about but either can't put it into words or is harshly rejected by his friends .
and they aren't like movies that happen in outer space either , because no one's done any of that stuff yet .
fine .
the plot unfolds at a rapid pace explaining itself through great action , special effects , and twist after mind-boggling twist .
the publisher is proud that he's a mamma's boy who never married and is a self-made man who has earned millions .
and what are some of carol's resuscitation techniques ?
i don't care if it's bob freaking dole in the white house , get him out of there .
the film could have provided fascinating insights into what turned these aimless kids into premeditated killers .
it does not provide answers to the show's many questions , the status quo remains nearly the same and , no , mulder and scully do not get together .
theater on the screen is usually lifeless .
the sense of limitlessness here is what gives `the phantom menace' its unique traits .
to godard's credit , he certainly knows how to frame a scene .
lice are endemic , and so ripley's head is shaved ( another surreal touch ) .
" my name is jerry .
keep in mind that gladiator is based on real people and real events , but is entirely a work of fiction .
such scenes might be appropriate in an out-and-out satire , making zero an ace ventura-ish character .
notably , charles dance as the doctor with whom ripley finds momentary escape from fury 109 .
except for a few bright moments of good verbal comedy , that old feeling is embarrassing to sit through .
the doctor is particularly bland and dull .
darnell doesn't think like this .
the movie's running time is under two hours , but it seems like it is well over it .
the one bright spot is that no longer will kevin costner's " the postman " ( which i begrudgingly admit as a guilty pleasure ) be " the " big budget science fiction failure .
mr . spacey's performance is so remarkably subtle and ingenuous , that we can be certain that come oscar ? time , we can be assured to see him name among the five nominees .
a comedy ?
" holy man " boasts a sweet , gentle , comic performance from an unusually subdued eddie murphy and a few moderately funny skits .
but why did i enjoy `sleepy hollow' as much as i did ?
certainly everything that comes out of his mouth is a lie .
the scenes which pitted luke against the emperor and vader are suitably tense and well-acted .
now lets talk about the great special effects for this film .
he joins up with a jazz choir and discovers that getting in touch with his feminine side has some tremendous advantages .
the humans move oddly and their facial features are so muted that the talented voice cast can't bring them to life ( in fact , their efforts merely emphasize what we're missing ) .
.
i guess clyde kusatsu wasn't available .
his minor sleuthing interrupted by the occasional delusional fit and bouts with an ecstasy of creation ( romulus was a brilliant julliard-trained pianist prior to his psychosis ) , romulus uncovers clues and harasses suspects on his way to convincing his police-woman daughter ( aunjanue ellis ) that even though he's a nut , that doesn't mean that he can't solve a high-profile society murder .
much of the film deals with elizabeth's love for lord robert , a mysterious man who thrusts his lordship onto many a woman as he continues to proclaim his love for the queen .
dillane avoids making the character overly heroic and preachy .
?
i kept expecting him to say or do something really funny and somehow save the film , but instead , he does the best he can with some really poor lines in a few unexceptional scenes .
other actors include charles martin smith as roberts' boss , olympia dukakis as nolte's coworker , nora dunn also with the chronicle , and marsha mason as a congresswoman .
the most ironic aspect of nuclear war is that it doesn't have a winning side and a losing side .
we never even see the monstrous squid or the menacing storm .
among multitude of erotic thrillers , that had been released in the early 1990s , woman of desire is interesting only because it was directed by robert ginty , star of the b-grade action films of the previous decade .
not that anything would ever possess me to purchase such a thing to find out what i was missing .
all in all , " shrek " is a snappy ride , although there are a couple of points i found disturbing .
capt . john boyd ( guy pearce ) has become both a " hero " and a victim during this period of relentless consumption . . .
here he creates one of the best screen villains in recent years .
and players of the game will be rewarded with the inclusion of practically every character from the video game , although their screen time amounts to nothing more than a cameo .
after running away from home , eddie joins jack , changes his name to dirk diggler , and starts making erotic movies .
even dubey will soon be romantically entangled when he becomes interested in alice , one of the family servants .
we're then introduced to karen sisco ( jennifer lopez ) , a u . s . marshall who , conveniently , is waiting with a shotgun as jack escapes .
it's stupid , pointless and repetitive .
what used to be intelligent about his films is hopelessly stale here .
robert richardson is his usual cinematographer , and rob and ollie know how to shoot a flick -- great camera angles , shifting viewpoints , wicked colors , nice looking pictures .
the movie wasn't half bad by this time , surprisingly .
chris ellis , as spader's self-important colleague , is the only cast member who manages to be convincing .
if you've seen any action flick of the past fifteen years , you'll recognize plenty of lifted elements .
most of the time she is part of the decoration .
ryan is kathleen kelly , owner of a small children's bookstore , while hanks is joe fox , who heads up a chain of mega bookstores ( think barnes & noble ) .
if you thought the trailer was dumb , skip this dodo bird and go rent austin powers again or something , a film from which there is an obvious influence here .
though i enjoy the complex plotting of film noir as much as the next person , when it comes to family entertainment , simple is the way to go .
it does accomplish what it must : it avoids an all-out war , something that simply isn't possible because of its all-too-real consequences .
the only remotely interesting and likable character soon appears , a little girl named jinnie sue macallister ( young ) who sees gordy on the back of a truck and essentially steals him .
gibson's character has an almost uncountable number of one-liners , hilarious situations , and his character is one that the audience tends to side with throughout the film .
none of the characters seem to work together at all ; they are always bickering and vying for some form of control .
unfortunately , whenever one intelligent film comes out against special effects-laden films , it normally gets buried .
for reasons of revenge , hatred , and sexual envy , jim convinces paul to run against tracy for school president .
bosomy dance hall girl rita escobar ( hayek ) , whose scientist father was kidnapped by loveless , joins west and gordon on their gadget-filled train .
cry . . . . it's
he is not a member of the infantry , and it is unclear if he will ever actually find himself in combat .
superb acting , direction , writing , story , and soundtrack that always sets the mood for the film , which is beautifully composed by eric clapton and marc shaiman , make the story of us a touching , unforgettable motion picture that will touch the hearts of viewers across the country- and will certainly become one of the most talked about movies of the fall .
some of the " mercury " astronauts aren't fleshed out enough ( although being played by fine actors , like lance henriksen ) .
however , with all the mindless science fiction films out there , it is nice to have a film which doesn't talk down to its audience ( i especially like the ironic title and how it consists of the four letters which make up the genetic coding : g , t , c , and a ) .
my only quibble with the film is that we never find out why the world is ending .
they look for her because as they are searching for the tv , they find a drunk who wants them " to do " his wife .
and , still other secrets that have a greater implication for the world and are deadly in a political sense , of science carried out by the big corporations like it was a business run for the bottom line .
so it becomes a question of who knows best , as the ladies fight it out between them , until the predictable sweet ending comes in this yawner .
the material is brought to life by the terrific ensemble of actors .
" christian ( ewan mcgregor ) is a penniless young writer newly arrived in paris , " to write about truth , beauty , freedom and love , " where he encounters a group of bohemians , led by henri de toulouse-lautrec ( john leguizamo ) .
the freshman writing class tone is quickly established when she says things like , " this is not a love story , it is a story about love . "
one comment from an actress is " not a lot of strategy involved , but i like it . "
not at all .
hell , no !
even his ex-wife ( alexandra vandernoot ) and indifferent teenage son ( stanislas crevillen ) drop their disdain .
his direction is manipulative for a reason : to show the mourning for what it is .
suzie obviously has some serious issues to deal with which are obvious from her first scene in the film .
i suspect that one wrote a sexy thriller , one wrote a murder mystery , and one wrote a comedy , then director roland joff ? tried to piece it all together in the editing room while scratching his head in bewilderment .
and you thought " the saint " was bad .
porter's romantic misadventures with women ( other than mona ) are equally mishandled .
denise richards strikes a fetching pose in a see-through , one-piece bathing suit .
sometimes it gets so cheesy , that you'll start laughing when you're supposed to cry and cry when you're supposed to laugh .
sometimes that can be tough .
roberts has continually proven to not only be a strong actress with a flare for comedy , but also one who can efficiently do drama , and in almost every film she appears in , it is difficult not to fall in love with her along with her male co-star .
douglas soon learns that montgomery is working for dr . moreau , who incidently , owns the island and also a reputable geneticist who has been awarded the nobel prize .
the director , who bought us the fugitive , piles on all the flash techniques , such as zoom-in's , quick cuts , etc . the lighting is also interesting .
lapaglia's sincere but dim-witted character is a riot .
the unchangeable icy landscape , where birds do not sing and even wind doesn't move the leaves on the trees , resembles kubrick's " the shining " .
after all , we're the culture that invented the cell phone , the 24-hour atm , and my most beloved , the remote control .
the story's main subplot concerns four animal rights activists , justice ( shannon elizabeth ) and her three sexy buddies , sissy ( eliza dushku ) , missy ( jennifer schwalbach smith ) and chrissy ( ali larter ) .
it works as a suspense film , which it does not overplay .
the house is actually possessed .
i can't really recommend speed 2 . you will probably like the movie if you like funny situations that aren't meant to be funny .
only `down to you' doesn't have the ? unlikely scenario' mentioned above .
he's got a steady-date , katy ( karen allen ) , but she's sick of playing second-fiddle to a bottle of j . d .
also , some of the endings seem a little forced and lucky .
when one is found in the middle of nowhere , 1000 feet below the surface of the pacific ocean , norman is called in to be part of the welcoming committee .
but alas , urban legend is not only idiotic and clich ? ? full ; it's way too clean , a slasher flick for the whole family with no nudity , little gore , and much stupidity .
a veritable police lineup of hot hollywood talent plays the superhero wannabes of the title , who join forces to get c . amazing out of a tight spot when c . frankenstein puts the screws on champion city .
like stephane , camille is outwardly very controlled and reserved , sacrificing all thought and emotion to her violin and the music which emerges .
naturally , she wants to be compensated , and they offer her a front row seat and the chance for the first question .
when i watch a film , no matter what kind of film it is , i want to be able to take certain memories along with me .
however , marvin is found by an eccentric doctor ( michael caton ) who uses a radical and experimental procedure to save him , implanting our doofus with various animal parts and organs .
all alone to sing a horrible rendition of " she's leaving home " , accompanied by those same creepy robots .
the cast is full of likable , promising , young actors ( stiles especially seems to be going places ) .
that's an accurate reflection of what aberdeen strives for , focusing on the pairing of an alcoholic father , tomas ( skarsg ? rd ) and his alienated , openly hostile yuppie daughter , kaisa ( lena headey , gossip ) .
in hollywood's rush to emulate the success of the matrix , trademark asian stunt choreography has become more of a joke than an art form .
with external scenes filmed at blemheim palace in england ( also the one of the sites for the recent the avengers ) , the grandiose quality of the setting is immediately established .
by the film's third act all the major significant elements become tied together in a rather familiar execution of the plot .
alice cooper ? ! ? ! ) , and uuuuuuggggggglllllllyyyyy 70's fashion and faces .
slowly enveloping the viewer into the many intriguing characters and their individual plights , the disappearance of jessica at the 30-minute mark divulges the movie's true intentions and transforms the proceedings into a taut , at times frightening , horror-mystery .
there are occasional references to the red planet , of course , but the film might as well have been set in perth amboys than on earth's closest neighbor .
sebastian valmont is the coolest guy who ever walked the earth ; there is no woman he can't have , no material object out of his reach .
carter and jordan , never conventional , explore what goes on when you leave the path .
upon a top-secret meeting with president freeman , leoni agrees to keep the story under wraps until the president can hold a press conference , at which she gets to ask the first question .
it ? ? ? s more classical , more rebellious , constantly demonstrating the capable direction of wes craven .
in 1847 , the united states was a land of pioneers , of gold-starved americans making their way west .
annette bening also turns in what may be the best performance of her career .
boring .
gotta love 'em .
the problem is , her fare is something less than popular , and less than appetizing .
as in spike lee's do the right thing a heat wave has the city in its grip , and peoples' tempers are flaring .
many people will recognize grant shaud's voice as the foreman .
the main problem with 8mm is that the whole film is completely pointless .
dean stockwell as defense secretary eager for the authority ( " i'm in charge here ! " )
she proceeded to set the place on fire .
peter and bobby farrelly , along with writer mark hyman and animation directors piet kroon and tom sito , have turned their penchant for gross-out comedy , encompassing flatulence , festering sores and " popping a pimple without a permit , " into a funny , farrelly-funny family film .
keaton's ellie has a trusting nature that's a result of her own self involvement resulting in an unlikeable character .
mulan is the latest disney animated feature to get away from some of the eurocentrism which for so long dominated disney films .
armageddon is not as terrible movie as godzilla .
the acting by depp was quite notable .
everything is told from mike's perspective , but we're finally able to recognize some things on our own .
her mother is in denial about the past always busying herself by cooking soup and baking cakes and complaining about everything , while her father is more openly loving but has recently been absorbed in searching for two suitcases filled with mementos , a family album , silverware , and his old violin .
speaking of supporting characters , there are some great ones here .
adrien grenier is her grungy neighbor who's just broken up with his activist girlfriend .
jackson , while a superb actor , is miscast in the role of roman .
the other performers are all adequate in what the script asks of them except for d . b . woodside as issac's son , colin .
this is a robbery that works like a well-oiled machine .
it got my vote for 'the movie where i expected the least and got the most' .
in my opinion one of the best films of the last few years is istvan szabo's sunshine , a film that covers the fortunes of a jewish hungarian family under the reigns of three different regimes , hungarian aristocrats , nazis , and communists .
ya know , i was honestly interested to find out what killed all those poor santas . . .
some scenes drag , while others , especially when hanks and ryan are revealing their souls via e-mail , are crisp and tidy .
when you really think about it , this story fits right into the disney formula of the outcast that triumphs in the end .
the film does not revolve around a character investigating a mystery ; rather , the character * is * the mystery .
" ben-hur . "
the only semi-saving grace actor-wise is tim roth as the irrepressible " bad guy " , but once again , it's not something that we haven't seen before . . . a
then it struck me .
a throwaway subplot , which is good for some laughs , features cleese and his buddies , betting on a series of outlandish situations , including one dealing with a hooker and pepto-bismol .
the prologue of alien 3 is a pure cinematic achievement by director david fincher , who had only directed music videos before his chance with this alien entry .
ralph fiennes ( strange days , schindler's list ) gives a gripping performance as count laszlo almasy , a victim of amnesia and horrible burns after world war ii in italy .
this overly constructed film succeeds in having many surprises , and , being true to its title , being deceptive .
but more frequently , we get films that don't much deal with it at all .
nope , they hop out brandishing good old 1997 machine guns , pump action rifles , and tactical nuclear weapons !
okay , so you might say that this is a movie for children .
that way , they could have come up with a story that at least had a sign of intelligence and freshness .
( 10/31/96 ) ( 1/29/97 ) ( 6/13/97 ) [see also : " nick of time " ]
those plots were also responsible for few very successful 1970s thrillers , and one of them , zinnemman's the day of the jackal , is now considered a classic in that genre .
rocky promises to teach the chickens how to fly , and the situation grows more desperate as the nefarious mrs . tweedy ( miranda richardson ) decides to abandon the farm's egg-selling plan for a pie-selling plan .
if you get a thrill from seeing what look very much like live dinosaurs alive today , the film is for you .
bill paxton also gives a powerful performance as the greedier younger brother , whilst bridget fonda is convincing as the greediest wife , who indirectly causes the most problems .
the designer of the ship , dr . weir ( neill ) follows along to satisfy his curiosity on what actually happened to his otherwise technologically impressive ship .
the movie begins with zippy retro-style opening credits that look like they were torn straight out of a '60s slapstick comedy , featuring animated photos of the cast attached to herky-jerky bodies bounding around the screen .
dunaway's henchmen ( played by peter cook and brenda vaccaro ) fare much better , with vaccaro coming off best as the equivalent of ned beatty's otis character from the first two superman movies .
certainly a passive viewer can enjoy it as a straightforward story with a worthwhile moral and some surprisingly touching scenes , but a active , attentive viewers will enjoy it even more because they'll catch all the details .
" now we have to have a couple of zany friends for out hero who might get him into mischief , but cover for him or come to his rescue when he needs it .
and this has nothing to do with newt gingrich's " contract with america . "
a movie like this doesn't have to offer much of an explanation ( radioactive mutant ?
all of a sudden , with a thunderous sound effect and an eerie sounding musical pulse , the doors swing open to reveal what's inside .
so effortlessly that people tend to forget he's there , much in the way people rarely recall many of the great character actors ( anyone who can put the name james rebhorn with that actor's face is invited to treat themselves to a product from one of my sponsors ) .
an example : " that [car crash] must've been awful . . . for
as i said , this film has no balls .
there are too many characters to put your attention to and the worst thing is , the characters are not " prioritized " so when the audience is led to believe that a particular character is important , before they know it , he or she or it perishes . . . . rather
this is a more conservative tarantino , but not one that won't satiate true fans .
the character doesn't speak much , but in the series you really only heard the laughter of the audience , and maybe the occasional murmur from mr . bean .
2 : 00 - r for strong violence/gore , sexuality , language and drug content
it's dull , perfunctory , uninspired , and boring .
it's tough to be an aspiring superhero in champion city .
mr . brancato's original screenplay is filled with outrageous lines which often leaves the audience in stitches .
they are overjoyed , and rush aboard just as the boat is leaving .
suo gives his comedy the graceful movements of his subject matter , allowing the humor to flow from the characters rather than forcing it upon them .
this time around there seem to be fewer puppies on the screen , and close's facial and physical gyrations are starting to feel as old as the 53-year-old actress under that startling black and white wig of hers .
whether this project will end up a play , film , or opera remains undecided .
he once turned down a scholarship to mit to pursue his singing career .
predictably , the attendant ends up coaxing her into the main building to sort out a problem with the credit card company .
some of the subjects covered are probably near taboo for indian films .
in fact , young einstein might have been more at home on network television , where its sophomoric humor wouldn't raise any eyebrows .
marie ( charlotte rampling ) and her husband jean ( bruno cremer ) lounge on the beach .
on off-days , he can be , well , just horrid ( the bonfire of the vanities , raising cain ) .
i didn't time it ( the movie's not that bad ) , but it's crystal who really has the most screen time and is the unequivocal focus of the film .
sure , the most interesting tv genre of the '90s has been reality programming and jerry springer's popularity is through the roof , but those people deserve to be humiliated for turning their intimate details over to the airwaves .
still , amidst all its kafkaesque qualities and overall dispassionate mood , pi does occasionally display a sense of humour .
they came in expecting some kind of supernatural comedy , on the level of ghostbusters , and were a bit confused to be getting a folk tale with philosophical overtones .
and so , as a critic , i'm already responsible to ask that same question .
as his mom gets in deeper and deeper trying to cover up a crime he didn't commit , beau becomes suspicious of her actions and apparent new companion , turning tables .
the hamlet castle's grand throne room is an impressive piece of work incorporating high ceilings , mirror-panel doors , and bridges which connect opposite sides of a second-story loft .
i remember the original as being charming , but my guess is that the memory from almost four decades ago has been artificially enhanced by the years .
whatever you do , do not miss out on boogie nights .
when wayne introduces darren to judith , he doesn't realize that he has opened a pandora's box of disaster for himself and j . d . judith was once in a relationship where her boyfriend was the dominant figure until he died in a kick boxing match .
sure , affleck deserved a big moment ( damon steals their scenes together prior ) , but it ultimately makes the film and us feel bloated .
there is some good to be found amongst this mess , particularly in the acting department .
it's rather strange too have two computer animated talking ant movies come out in a single year , but that is what disney and pixar animation ; s latest film represents .
he's slightly deranged , and shaw's performance is almost a caricature .
the voice cast turns in uniformly lively performances , and the characters they play are given so many subtle nuances that it's hard not to fall in love with every one of them .
the premise had great promise .
when the catholic league beats on dogma for imaginary crimes against a doctrine , in a roundabout way they're attacking what i live for : freedom of expression through celluloid .
paul haynes " >
faster than you can yell " fruit stand ! "
soon they have company in the person of serafine ( julie delpy ) , who has decided to end it all .
what makes this film so bad is that it had the potential to be wonderful and unforgettable .
this is a tour-de-force and quite simply the best performance i've seen from him .
" housekeeping " , says the diminuitive cleaning lady .
did dolores kill her husband ?
totally unbearable .
but as soon as a body turns up and claire has given the authorities reason enough to believe her claims , " in dreams " trades in its nifty supernatural chills for a long series of allegedly spooky jolts that simply refuse to make sense .
although it would have benefited from the help of a more valuable supporting cast , the films main fault is in the bizarre ( and often out of place ) way of unfolding a story which isnt that meritorious anyway .
alas betty has the dubious distinction of being the first overpraised junk heap of the new season .
analyze this is a good comedy , and is certainly worth watching .
who will prevail ?
pen ? lope was wonderful in pedro almod ? var's " all about my mother , " but here she is so visible in such a stale story , where she can only smile and tease the audience by having us see a constant barrage of cleavage shots as she bends when cooking , that she somehow looks ridiculous , as if she got egg all over her face .
directed deftly by first time jamaican filmmaker chris browne ( assistant director for such american films as how stella got her groove back and instinct ) , one hardly notices the film was shot on video after a while .
among these are leo biederman ( elijah wood ) and sarah hotchner ( leelee sobieski ) .
she never has a chance to evince any charm or make much of an impression beyond her obvious physical attributes ( frankenheimer has her needlessly pop her top to further italicize this .
this is the actor's finest work since his breakthrough into the hollywood market in the early 80's .
big daddy is the first film in which the story seems more important than sandler's comic performance , and it's a miserable failure .
joe doesn't quite buy it , but he sticks by simon ; the two tough it out through the worst of times and are each other's only true friends .
he just chooses not to .
well , a few years ago , there was a sly little comedy called the freshman , which had marlon brando doing a romp of a send-up of his famous don corleone character and , recently , the utterly stupid ( in a bad way ) movie mafia !
and i wish that film-makers would use commandments as a blueprint on how _not_ to do it .
after mission to mars was panned by too many reviewers it looks better and better and better as time goes by .
the year is 3000 .
but it doesn't give us a clue as to why first-time screenwriter corey mandell's atrocious script was used .
it's a difficult role , and given her relative inexperience on screen she deserves applause for her efforts .
i'm starting to doubt if you're capable of anything else besides urinating onto the institution of american cinema .
characters are not introduced in establishing shots , but rather are allowed to wander in the background of scenes until their importance becomes apparent .
he's portentous and gloomy , as if modeling himself after the great depressed writers , though his act is a little too calculated .
all in all , a rippin' , roarin' fun time !
march may be attractive , but , at least judging by this performance , she can't act .
to say moore and campbell thoroughly researched the subject of jack the ripper would be like saying michael jackson is starting to look a little odd .
not me .
despite the fact that nearly every character he plays is a variation of the character before it ( the schlumpy every man ) , he's a constantly enjoyable screen persona , like albert brooks or woody allen .
finally , if the goal of the babysitter was to be titillating ( the type of film destined to be played ad infinitum on hbo at 2 in the morning ) , then it fails as well .
michael , portrayed perfectly by robert de niro , is shown early on as the natural leader of the group .
over here , anything goes : you wanna throw shit out the window ?
how do they come up with this stuff ?
it's certainly a lot of fun listening to these characters talk : some of them are clearly very intelligent and have some genuinely insightful ideas , some of them are just plain weird , and some of them think their ideas are a lot more profound than they really are .
wearing more futuristic outfits of the same 1930's style , the similarities between these two are countless .
it should have stayed there .
lots and lots of horses .
the actors in that movie were having fun and , from that , the audience had fun .
jill , of course , doesn't recognize strasser , even though he did kill her mother .
oh yeah , the score !
in fact , it's quite fresh and original .
and , whatever you do , don't walk out on the film before the end credits have begun to roll .
thus , somehow , it proves slightly more successful .
the humor in the film runs the gamut from dumb to mildly amusing to laugh-out-loud hysterical but the tone ?
even " the mummy returns " didn't take itself too seriously .
a few years ago , stallone made a movie that gave him the opportunity to gracefully exit the roles that typecast him as an action monkey .
another gem of the film is nathan lane as snowball .
every year , hollywood crowns a new " it boy " --a young actor pegged for major movie stardom .
what is admirable about the movie is peter fonda's winning turn as ulee and the story that feels like nobody's fool but , in the end , ends up in a class of its own .
twice .
he , like the discoveries of j ? r ? mie renier ( _la promesse_ ) and giorgio cantarini ( _life is beautiful_ ) , prove that the true acting discoveries may be outside of the united states .
if someone drags you to this film and you find yourself as bored as i was , try entertaining yourself by counting the product placements .
tarzan is not so much a story about a human boy surviving in the african jungles as it is about one who does not really fit in either humanity or the wild .
although his performance is good , his character just seems to exist to help melvin and carol come together .
kiss of the dragon was written by luc besson , whose screenplay the messenger : the story of joan of arc , for all of that film's flaws , was at least thoughtful .
by the way , if you don't want to know the solution to the mystery then skip the next three paragraphs .
" you're not the reason i couldn't care less about you . "
larch , too old and experienced to have such youthful ideals , marvels that homer " continues to have such high expectations of people . "
if a film is only 90 minutes , but feels like 300 minutes , then it's crap .
naturally this proves an obstacle to ordell's plans and , not as friendly intended as we'd hope , he posts jackie's bail after she is put behind bars .
looking much like " home alone 3 1/2 " , " flubber " even features a couple of vapid goons who get banged around and a cute little boy who screams a lot .
his david , whilst clearly damaged - he keeps quoting his " daddy " in a babbling word torrent , cuddles strangers and grabs women on the breasts - is both touching and funny .
however , if you are the one person in america who * hasn't * seen the films at all or even recently , or who doesn't bother to brush-up on the names of obscure characters , you may be hopelessly lost .
branagh goes excessively over the top as the villain , perhaps to the point where we can't even stand to look at him or his strange beard .
but fuentes has to go from one scene of barbarity to another and discover how wrong he was .
everything is clean because nobody will admit what's going on .
three of the nine manifestations of holy spirit listed in 1 corinthians 12 deal with receiving revelation .
get my reviews of everything playing at your local cineplex so you can better make an informed decision on what to see .
don't be surprised if you find yourself asking more than once just what the hell is going on .
starts to drown , and is miraculously saved as gordy pushes an inflatable float over to him and saves him .
at the moment when he sees a little girl too frightened to get aboard a lifeboat , you can hear the wheels in his mind turning , saying not " can i save this little girl ? " ,
i give reeves credit for trying hard , but throughout the movie i never saw the kevin lomax character , just an actor trying very hard to play kevin lomax and coming up short .
but ben is soon drawn into vitti worlds , and reluctantly helps vitti to sort his life out .
since then , though , disney's animated features have shown an unbroken string of diminishing returns , with pocahontas , the hunchback of notre dame , and this year's hercules successively proving less and less potent .
and michael york : in one cool swoop you've made yourself a b-movie legend , dude .
when we catch up with him , six years later , he has just returned to st . petersburg , where at a grand ball he discovers that an old friend ( donovan ) has married a more womanly and wordly tatyana .
any paralells that you might have heard before , linking this picture to kubrick's " the shining " , are absolutely baseless .
two people who've never met confide in each other via e-mail without revealing their true identities .
or maybe it's the work of a copycat ?
cheng pei pei as the evil master and chang cheng as the bandit prince acquit themselves admirably .
and then answers it in the form of bello's character ( basically a shrink in black panties ) , could a person care less ?
in it , you are hopefully fortunate enough to have an educator willing to help you with the plot points and nuances essential to understanding a play written in the rigmarole known as the king's english .
the murders which open this film result in reuniting the survivors -- single-minded tabloid tv reporter gale weathers ( courteney cox ) roars into town to cover the breaking story , while ever-awkward former deputy dewey riley ( david arquette ) flies in to protectively guard over sidney .
hopefully that film will be a mere diversion in tinseltown , and chan will continue with exuberant hong kong productions such as mr . nice guy , for his unique charm and reckless abandon are sure to be diluted by american hands , much like they have been before .
indeed , i found myself rooting for both the hauer and boothe characters , even though their goals couldn't be more different .
hopefully , though , their silly moral outrage won't spoil the joke for the rest of us .
most people don't even realize that it is a film .
but " can she help me get on a lifeboat ? "
the film then quickly transfers to the next scene in which one of capone's men bombs a restaurant that contains many innocent people including a little girl .
the film is so pathetically predictable that every moment has already been figured out , analyzed , and discarded before it happens .
i'll give beyer one more strike , and then she's out .
jonny lee miller is perfect as the selfish , callous , suit-and-tie businessman .
his group as outlined in his report , consists of beth halperin ( sharon stone ) , a biochemist ; harry adams ( samuel l . jackson ) , a mathematician ; and ted fielding ( liev schreiber ) , an astrophysicist .
`dark city' is what the movies are all about - the escape from the real world .
and in what room , and with what object .
ted tries to escape and we cheer him on so it will end soon .
helena bonham carter is ari , the chimp who believes that apes and humans can live in peace and as equals .
you don't need to have seen the original " species " to appreciate how utterly lousy " species ii " is .
the strong techno beat sampled the cheesiest dialogue and , out of context , made it sound hip .
not so with summer of sam .
this team includes a buff private vasquez ( jenette goldstein ) , a questionable corporal hicks ( michael biehn ) , and a loyal android bishop ( lance henriksen ) .
exciting ?
the script is boring : all the characters speak in morals , especially anakins mother .
the full monty is very simple in nature and not a trace ambitious at all .
he broke up a six-year relationship six months ago to move from n . y . to l . a . and he's still not over her .
just a little perception and insight and you could write your own bulworth rants .
f'gawds sake , guys , this is jack nicholson !
well , in any event , that is the situation hank ( paxton ) finds himself in .
it's too bad that she's in such a mediocre offering
walking in with relatively low expectations , i thought this movie was actually pretty good .
unbeknownst to them , the last victim left something on the scene which would id the blue blood killer , so he's also heading over there . .
the disc includes the film in its original theatrical aspect ratio of 1 . 85 : 1 , and features the original theatrical trailer ( as well as trailers for mystery alaska , happy texas , and outside providence ) , an extremely brief production featurette ( which contains footage not used in the film ) , and storyboard-to-scene comparisons .
after that , it's all sound effects and tricky camera-work , along with a muddled , discordant soundtrack .
it was realistic enough to almost be believable but flexible enough to show emotion .
as such , " the celebration " may be the one truly bizarro film of the year : a work of art so eerily close to reality that it's utterly disturbing and utterly fascinating .
well i just did !
this sleazy pic , soon became grating and wore out its welcome to my unreceptive ears .
hitmen lee ( james spader ) and his partner dosmo ( danny aiello ) pop a guy in bed while leaving his drugged wife becky fox ( teri hatcher ) lying next to him showing the audience where on her behind she got nicely pricked .
this fate is literalized in the dream as werewolves , but the werewolves connote many things : death , sex , knowledge .
the filmmakers would have at least made sense with the shorter " i still know , " the longer " i still know what you did two summers ago " or the appropriate " stupid people getting hacked to bits . "
a mobster ( robert deniro ) finds himself receiving several panic attacks as of late , fueled by the stress of an upcoming mobster meeting and a near-death following a drive-by shooting .
she's incredibly hot and makes the movie pretty much a star better .
perhaps , if he found the proper vehicle . . .
little do they know the power within . . .
a us version is in the works , and it's no wonder - it's not really all that culture specific .
all with their own thoughts .
the plot ( which the film wisely doesn't linger on the specifics of for too long ) is of course nothing more than framework for the jokes , most of which work very well .
critique : i'm a sucker for movies like this .
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " the watcher " is an appallingly awful , amateurish 2 . the real torture is watching it .
so the scriptwriters could inject the following unfunny exchange :
jackie-o asks her when she finds that lesly committed the crime of growing up impoverished .
the characters are even less original , ranging from underachieving slob john candy to incompetent captain john larroquette .
one where the dinos lived untouched by mankind and the other a tourist attraction which failed before it even opened .
including john's mother .
as you might have guessed , somewhere in the shadows lurk a mysteriously strange figure that is wearing a rubber slicker and wielding a hook .
" drive carefully but recklessly " , mama , child's toy " the only excercise i take is walking behind the coffins of friends who took exercise . "
broderick here is playing the mr . rooney role from _ferris bueller_ , and he seems to be having the most fun he's had since then .
i'd rather think of , " the butcher boy , " as a brief diversion for director jordan , rather than a total misfire .
tom starts an affair with larry's wife , tish , and to get even , larry and tom's wife , maria , pretend to have an affair of their own .
on the other hand , beloved omits the some of the finer details of the book , favoring an ambiguously defined back story upon which to build the story's main events .
this , almost narcotic effect , soon turns into confusion and ultimately madness .
what is truly disturbing is that with a great book , talented actors and a grand budget , this could have been so much more .
she imbues serafine with spirit , spunk , and humanity , which gives us an emotional stake in the character's fate .
a big gorilla is only interesting for a little while ; after that , something needs to be done with the big gorilla .
szabo's follow-up film , a german production , is much more limited in scope .
this is the end of an era for them , a movie which has kept them up nights searching for clues on the internet , talking and tossing around rumors with their equally enthused buddies , and , for kids under 17 , those elaborate plots consisting of buying a ticket to one movie and hopping into " scream " while narrowly escaping those menacing ushers who are only a year or two older than themselves .
after basically toying with the men , especially the unfortunate brett ( frank whaley ) , vincent and jules complete their mission and recover the briefcase .
and when i did , he had horrible dialogue to say .
lambert eventually finds pseudo-safety with a long-haired modern-day samurai ( yoshio harada ) and his partner -- yoko shimada , who you may remember as lady toda buntaro in shogun .
though writer michael hirst's script gets a little murky at times , and his injections of humor get a little overplayed , elizabeth pulses with the right amount of dramatic and cinematic verve to make it just deserving of a theatrical viewing .
murphy plays scott roper , and as i previously mentioned , he is a san francisco hostage negotiator .
the series concluded with battle for the planet of the apes in 1973 .
why he was in this movie for such a pointless role beats me .
simon birch is a different look at a different life , and one that will most likely be studied in film school classes in decades to come .
scenes which were natural and inspiring start to become contrived and artificial .
they are bought by luke skywalker's ( mark hamill ) family .
soon afterwards , james is driving down the road at night , reclessly of course ( he's reading something ) , when he drifts into the other lane , and then hits another car face on .
the story is propelled by a device in which bulworth puts out a contract on his own life ( he muses later that it's a bad thing to make decisions when you're suicidal ) ; he keeps seeing a man in sunglasses ( graham beckel ) whom he believes to be the hitman .
the former he can do with ease and often the actor coasts on his lackadaisical charm while those around him growl and swear .
the animated " charlotte's web " has become a minor classic since its release in 1973 and 1999 brought us a live action version of " stuart little . "
now monkey bone must get everyone to buy these dolls with nightmare powder , so everyone has nightmares . . . or
that has nothing to do with pitt's performance , of course , but it is a little distracting .
maybe if the ill-fated cruise liner in this movie had struck a shallow reef early on things may have turned out better .
it's director , barry sonnenfield , is known for " black humor " , directing both addams family movies .
director peter hyams , known for such masterpieces of modern cinema as timecop and end of days , has jettisoned everything that was great about dumas' masterwork : the sense of excitement , cause , and camaraderie .
but even though the two leads do an impressive job , it is dennis franz who grabs us with his interpretation of a hospital patient who knows more than meets the eye .
let's hope also that we see neil simon's name on movies that do it justice ( this is his first since 1993's " lost in yonkers " ) .
guess what happens next ?
shakespeare . you hardly understood it in high school .
.
that is a biblical principle .
it was mostly entertaining throughout it's run , and had a very good ending , although i think i was the only person in the theater not amazed by it .
critique : this film reminded me a lot of the fifth element ( 6 . 5/10 ) from the summer of 1997 .
i am giving this movie an f , but i'm not sure that quite does it justice .
the set-on-a-train climax looks good ( even though the action is illogical ) , and the beautiful , crisp cinematography captures the rockies in all of their icy splendor .
sometimes it takes a near fall - - accidentally or through deliberate fasting - - to move out of apathy and reclaim your ability to challenge the world .
sean connery is given such mind-numbing lines as " never trust a naked woman . "
but it is highly unlikely that this will go down in defeat at the box office .
but hudson hawk never even has a clue of where it's going from minute one , and from there it's 90 minutes of pure cinematic muck .
" you know , for kids " - norville barnes
you would think so , wouldn't you .
if you can realize that this isn't going to knock your socks off , then you'll be happy to at least let it massage your feet .
the us government investigated him after the war and this film is a dramatization of that investigation .
in the past two years , competitions have broken out between studios .
interestingly , the musical numbers which are so often done with big flourishes are surprisingly muted in mulan .
the dream sequences aren't erotic ; they are too brief and , outside of one very short scene , contain no nudity .
i love superman iii .
the plot , as anyone who had read history before knows , concerns the attempt to return anastasia to her royal family after she was lost in the overthrow of the romanovs in 1916 .
and that's a shame - this is a funny , enchanting , and goofy movie full of laughs , surprises , and wonderful dance sequences .
also a notable was the superb direction by neil jordan .
cars flip .
jason biggs and james van der beek are slated to star in it .
the perplexed prison officials release dayton , whose life begins to intersect with fred in a number of ways - most notably his affair with alice wakefield ( arquette again ) , a blonde who is otherwise renee's spitting image , and another encounter with the mystery man .
perhaps in a previous draft of the script she was called hil-ari .
before long , he is forced to spy on his loving wife , louisa ( jamie lee curtis ) , an aide to the canal director .
the story is more than your average sci-fi/thriller .
the comparison to pulp fiction earlier on was not accidental - quentin tarantino executive-produced this film , which began life as a short film he saw at a film festival .
these are the essential words of mikey carver ( elijah wood ) , a young teenage boy living in 1973 new canaan , connecticut in the ice storm .
figuring the rules didn't apply to them since they didn't have a hand in writing them , they decide to ignore the list and make up their own rules as they go along .
and this is where alien 3 succeeds .
it really depends on the audience .
but titanic is more than a disaster movie , and that's where the problem lies .
his curiosity and motivation pushes his character past all the discouraging remarks from his parents and " valid " peers .
even though it does seem like the man scores every single movie that comes out these days , his work here is nothing short of brilliant .
walken , michael gough ( who appeared in burton's `batman' films ) and miranda richardson are all enjoyable in tackling their separate roles .
sullenly withdrawn and plauged by debilitating migraines , the elusive pursuit of a mysterious 216-digit number his machine spits out one day is driving him into madness .
the film finally ended ( thankfully ) , but to this day i'm still groaning .
her co-workers ( molly shannon , john c . reilly and gary marshall ) are in terminal hyper-drive .
there's not much to dislike about pleasantville , and its dynamic nature makes it the perfect movie for those who want serious as well as those who don't .
even older ones who consider themselves too `sophisticated' for kiddie fare will be surprised to hear that this film is for grown-ups , too .
for the most part , the plot follows its source material -- the book of exodus -- although only in the most general sense .
what makes the affair doubly unsatisfying , is that when conferring with honey , she finds out that he was a tiger with her in bed but refrained from having sex with her .
but he gets unexpected help from the house itself .
naturally , the two outcasts become good friends and share many adventures together , from disrupting sunday school to doing community service to playing little league baseball .
i think .
it focuses on a door from where seemingly strange sounds emanate .
the film isn't perfect , of course -- the ending didn't quite work for me , and the a few of the scenes between bulworth and nina feel forced ( although the eclectic dance sequence is fantastic ) . ?
her response is , " they have weapons and technology .
it creates indelible images of evil .
pepper , played by clifton james of live and let die " fame " ) yelling stupid comments out of the passenger window .
the facehugger is jettisoned with them and survives the crash .
as his female counterpart , anne heche also deserves a big pat on the back for her sweet , goofily charismatic performance .
they're joined by cotton weary ( liev schreiber ) , who was falsely accused of homicide in a cameo appearance during the first film ; his role here is significantly expanded .
lucky for us , we already saw that the computer virus has taken over the ship and eliminated everyone on board .
the mother is ignorant of all the negativity around her and seems to hold no opinion about anything or anyone .
one of these films was the first theatrical venture for the patlabor animated series .
this isn't explained ; you just have to go with it .
a fine comic outing is given by paul giamatti as limbo , the ape slave trader making a living off the misery of the humans he captures .
this choice is a smartly made one , for it creates an open space in which the story's wide range of emotions can gestate and grow .
real life , however , consists of long stretches of boredom with a few dramatic moments and characters who stand around , think thoughts and do nothing , or come and go before events are resolved .
through a rig that uses a pair of teleprompters to project video images of the interviewer for the subject and vice versa , these folks talk , startlingly , right to the camera -- to the video image of morris , and by extension to the audience .
the waves will , in effect , cancel each other out and disarm the foreign contagion .
the filmmakers are not content to merely show us something and assume we know what's going on ; they must * tell * us exactly what we're looking at * every * time .
( any average person who thinks that they're really smart about the two things this movie satirizes -- moviemaking and the political process -- is invited , nay , challenged , to spend a week either watching a movie actually being made or 48 hours straight watching c-span when the house is in session . )
what is there to do except go to hollywood and stop this movie from being made ?
penn , who also slips into an impression of his brother sean , is even better as a loser tough guy cop .
robert downy j . r plays a bisexual editor who makes his entrance with a towering transvestite on his arm .
that's it .
the result isn't bad in a run-shrieking-from-the-theater type of way .
well , don't get your hopes up .
the producers who obviously micromanaged the two projects should get prominant screen credits .
cross-cutting among interviews and filmed segments , morris traces the lives of four disparate professionals who seem to share nothing but an immersion in their work , and then threads them around one another in an intricate quadruple helix .
is this part of the experiment ?
once the case is solved , the film shifts focus back to the mafia issue .
and jonathan pryce is pretty awesome , although very brief at times , in his role as juan , seeming to put on a poker face for his melancholy facade .
while he was fun and breezy in earlier films such as raising arizona ( 1987 ) , ever since leaving las vegas ( 1995 ) , cage has lost much of his acting talent and appears to be on autopilot , such as in the terrible snake eyes ( 1998 . )
at least it's entertaining , and the concept is excellently realized .
" south park : bigger , longer and uncut " is undoubtedly crude , offensive , mean-spirited movie , that comes off as a politcally correct movie too .
although he's impressed me with his work in other films , depp doesn't seem to know what to do with ichabod , and his dialogue is hampered by stilted diction that's supposed to pass for an 18th century accent .
many , many scenes are nauseatingly unfunny , and if you don't have a passion for very deep blues/rock , you'll be bored out of your skull .
in seeming answer to their idle daydreams , a wealthy eccentric moves into a mansion on the hill and seduces each one by attempting to be everything they want him to be .
a mucho macho co-worker felix ( gerard depardieu ) , a self-righteous homophobe , is stunned and repulsed when he's forced by the pr director ( thierry lhermite ) to grovel and court pignon's friendship or risk losing his own job .
and when 'the thirteenth floor' aired this fall , it was completely overseen and ignored .
often i get to the middle of a story and say , ok , it sounded good but i now have invested more time than i am willing to spend on this subject .
i am an avid fan of the show , and have been for about three years now .
and there's some scenes like those you'd expect to find in a movie , and there's some action . . .
they are not driven by passionate sexual attraction - they're a cute couple , but neither sandler nor barrymore is centerfold material .
warning : contains what the matrix is .
baby's day out has only two emotions--awww and ouch--and the actors play them accordingly .
the movie is rife with images of breakage and destruction : a plate shattered on the floor , a stuffed toy torn apart by an upset child , and , most brutally , when the tension escalates into violence , a man is held down , tied between two cars , and ripped in half by the opposing movement of the vehicles .
in this film , ashley judd plays a women who is wrongfully convicted of killing her husband while out sailing for a weekend .
the outstanding performance of the film belongs to robin williams , whose sean is sad and wise , funny and somber .
capsule : earthy , experimental , difficult , shockingly frank ( even for 1997 ! ) , and ultimately refreshing story of a black man on the run from the cops .
when the fbi visits and forces him to become an informant , there is no question that he needs to be somewhere else .
by having at least one character with some wit , or wits , to serve as counterpoint to the others , perhaps steinfeld's attempt at satirizing a small town infested with ambitionless people might have come off better .
as a whole , patlabor is the story of an exciting time for japan .
mimi rogers was tom cruise's first wife .
also no points for guessing garofalo hates o'hara on sight .
but the beach scene , which is the centerpiece of the film , as is the whole film , is driven by foster .
the scene shifts to a prison in china , where han sing ( jet li ) learns of his brothers murder .
he's dirty and potty-mouthed , he's got long , scruffy hair and a goatee , and i fully expected him to walk out of the casino carrying sacks with giant dollar signs on them .
and then , the next time , we do it all again .
sebastian valmont .
unfortunately for them it is a horror film in which zellweger plays your typically stupid horror film character .
it is the debut film for the director , who tells his personal story about italians growing up with heavy new jersey accents and remaining tight with each other as they grow into young adults , a tale which could have been rewarding to see in the 1950s , where the mind-set of all the characters depicted is grounded , but to see it in the 1990s is a different story : it is old news .
the acting is sub-par , which i could endure if it were not for a . ) the director's style , b . ) the special effects , & c . ) the treatment of the story and characters .
that still doesn't sound funny to you ?
it's a three-hour long saga about the life of one of the most hated and misunderstood leaders of the 20th century .
longer , more detailed review : [beware of spoilers]
cameron diaz gives her best performance to date here , and has a lot of fun in playing the hateful laura , who eventually turns out to be more crazy than any of the five male friends .
i can't imagine what drew performers of their caliber to this project .
the excitement starts before the music even begins .
if you're lucky enough to have not seen the trailer , stop reading this review right now and go see " the sixth sense . "
his performance is * almost * laughable , but there just isn't enough there to be funny .
chow plays a hitman who is doing jobs in order to repay a debt .
that is , with the exception of alan arkin .
this was just one more thing i didn't know about this movie when i sat down with a five dollar order of nachos and a three dollar coke .
because once you got past the thought that " they're parodying that 'blair witch' movie , " most of the parodies had nothing to offer -- no insight , no original idea , no greater purpose .
gloria is her latest disaster .
film's in trouble ! !
but where are the thrills ?
like sidney lumet's " the offence " or michael mann's " manhunter , " " the cell " could have explored how the madness of the killer brings out a repressed darkness in the investigator .
so , don't forget those key words : dull , perfunctory , uninspired , and boring .
time has passed ; now we don't see astronauts as heroes .
he is taught that the world outside is fatally poisonous ; his mother dons a gasmask whenever she goes out the door .
i could hardly sit through the 93 minute running time for several reasons .
henry and jack , for example , fight over who's going to get to ride in the front passenger seat on the way to the game .
much like his " shindler's list " ( which followed " jurassic park " as this follows " lost world " ) , the moral sides are not difficult ones to choose .
this being a thriller , we know that she is , in fact , on the money , and it's a credit to bening's acting that she delves equally into claire's madness and compassion .
perhaps more importantly , " 54 " is part of the blossoming subgenre , " the 70s nostalgia film , " which has been picking up mighty steam , what with " boogie nights " and " the last days of disco " coming out within the year , and both being such damn good movies that not only captured the feel of a certain time period ( the late 70s party and the early 80s wakeup period ) , but brought us interesting and real characters , like scotty , the tragically gay boom mike operator from " boogie nights , " and charlotte , the ironically clueless and bitchy co-protagonist from " the last days of disco , " not to mention several others .
parents that are supportive and environments that are nurturing will yield children who will embrace the values and norms that can allow them to live healthy and productive lives .
we then meet helene ( paprika steen ) , their sister , a woman who always seems to be stressed-out , who invites the driver of her car ( gbatokai dakinah ) , an american , to to come join her at the party she's going to .
take , for example , when tampopo tries to buy the recipe for a delicious soup from another shop owner .
influential club dj julian dice , a . k . a . " lucky 7 " ( max beesley playing a bad mix of puff daddy and robert de niro ) , hears her sing on a track , and decides to make her a star .
however , his latest creation , in praise of love , is possibly the most exasperating film experience of the year .
and boring .
together they talk about women - how to make eye contact , which involves avoiding it , and when to call so as never to appear desperate , two days being " industry standard . "
rent this movie on video just to see what went wrong yourself .
for urban legend 2 i humbly suggest a donald duck costume .
first time film director andy wilson ( known for his work on the british television series " cracker " ) appears to be attempting to jump on the " pulp fiction " bandwagon .
to her , this made sense long ago .
sigourney weaver received an oscar nomination for her portrayal of ripley , incorporating the right amount of sympathy into her hard-edged persona .
as stahl , stiller displays none of the charm or wit one would expect ( post-there's something about mary ) of either the actor or a comedy writer .
these are rather welcome in a movie filled with so many completely unfunny sight gags , cartoonish villains and unbelievable coincidences .
yet , they board the ship armed to the hilt with grenades and machine guns that can kill dozens in a matter of seconds .
they're not cringe inducing , at least .
while he is adept at dramatic roles , his forte is over-the-top free spirits .
the film genuinely plays like a proper gangster movie , but with laughs instead of hard ass talking .
thankfully , just as your about to say " ok , maybe i should run to the bathroom " , they finally get past the intros and onto the rehearsal scenes .
maroon ( alan tilvern ) to try to help get roger's mind back on work .
an orphan , twice rejected as an infant by possible adoptive parents , he grows up in the care and under the tutelage of dr . wilbur larch ( michael caine , little voice ) , father figure to the orphans of st . cloud , obstetrician or abortionist to the unhappily pregnant women who come there seeking his help .
1992's alien3 marked not only the death ( by suicide ) of its popular protagonist , ellen ripley ( sigourney weaver ) , but , in many ways , the alien franchise itself--box office receipts were anemic , thanks to poor audience word of mouth ; and the critics who rallied around the first two installments , 1979's alien and 1986's aliens , savaged david fincher's slog of a sendoff ( myself included ) .
many poor farmers in rural northwest share his extremist anti-government beliefs , and the routine operation turns into shootout that would leave federal officers that .
but alas , if you thought a character couldn't be much worse , there was rogers as the epitome of generic ( or , mother as she was known ) .
maguire and witherspoon are effective as the leads , but the true complements go out to jeff daniels and j . t .
if you're going to tell a story from the beginning - tell it from the beginning ( is it possible that after this trilogy is complete there could be another trilogy of episodes -1 through -3 to clarify the back story even further ? ) .
while " the odd couple ii " is amiable enough , neil simon's shockingly lazy screenplay feels like a slapped-together tv reunion show , suffering from wheezing situation comedy set-ups and jokes straight out of the borscht-belt .
following the movie i showed my wife , who liked ghosts of mars moderately more than i did , carpenter's classic assault on precinct 13 .
i saw simon birch in a basically sold out theater , on a sunday afternoon .
he played a lazy cop , a man who tries everything not to do any real work .
imagine the comedic possibilities that arise from this operation .
its heart is in the right place and it engages you .
because i do not want to hear your sob stories , oliver stone .
the kicker is that those acidic anecdotes serve exactly the opposite purpose , leading to a surprisingly emotional resolution .
assigned to do an evaluation on powell is a bright ( or so we are told ) young psychiatrist theo caulder ( cuba gooding jr . ) .
as such , aside from the expected overhead crowd shots , there is precious little actual _dancing_ in _54_ .
the movie also features some set pieces of the type that we have come to expect from lam and his hong kong compatriots .
advance screenings of the film were denied to all but a few critics , generally a sign that the studio realizes it has a dud on its hands .
by the writers of man on the moon and the people vs .
lynch's typically graphic and disturbing portrayals of fringe sexuality , while relevant to the themes of jealousy and adultery , are also somewhat overdone here .
the movie is presented in its original theatrical aspect ratio of 2 . 35 : 1 , is enhanced for 16x9 televisions , and has been remastered in full thx glory .
you'll have a better time .
next scene finds him and ellie celebrating their anniversary in paris with mona and griffin .
no real acting was involved and there is not an original or inventive bone in it's body ( it's basically a complete re-shoot of the shop around the corner , only adding a few modern twists ) .
the original script of this film included arnold schwarzenegger and bruce willis .
the group of twenty-somethings reside in a bombed out bar without life's simplest pleasures and amenities .
it is rated r for violence and language and would be acceptable for teenagers .
everything is clean . "
since i didn't understand anything about these characters' motivations , did i care when troy abruptly starts murdering them one-by-one ( and he does , knocking off three of them in about 10 minutes ) ?
no points for guessing what they do .
often we'll encounter lovers who think everything is just wonderful and , with the help of jung's magician , sit around imagining grand schemes .
it's too long . . . far
as with any movie , i appreciate knowing about these things ahead of time , so i can decide for myself whether to see the movie with a friend , a date , my 11 year old niece , alone or not at all .
unlike many comedies this film tries , and succeeds , in getting past the stage of doing anything for a laugh .
well , it is far from spectacular , and it makes independence day look brilliant .
what ?
the problem with such mixed genes is that the final product is a real mongrel ? not well made and should have been put down before production got off the ground .
i'm just saying that i think benigni did something different than what most people are interpreting it as .
her reaction was understandable when you consider that the film revolves around molly ringwald , who hasn't made a worthwhile film since 1986 .
father , mother , and infant somehow make it to shore amidst a rousing song by phil collins , and have soon built a treehouse which would impress the swiss family robinson .
my formal complaints for the wedding singer aren't very important .
his customary one part satire , two parts ultra-violence formula is way out of whack , and most of the film just flounders .
( i was particularly surprised with the untimely demise of one in particular , whose casting for the next installment of the series would've seemed obvious . )
it's loud and repetitive , true , a sadist's delight -- but it's also horrifying and fascinating .
finally , the icing on the 'great things' cake are the special effects .
part social commentary , part romance story , and part moral drama , antz gives everyone something to talk about , whether it be the animation , or the discussions of individualism and community .
( look at what that hack jan de bont did to poor phillip seymour hoffman in twister ) .
'when you want to drown a dog , you say it has rabies , ' prophesies lumumba of his own fate .
and better stuff too .
the first five minutes of the film are incomprehensible . . .
a sampling of titles range from damn it , janet to touch-a touch-a touch-a touch me .
the bachelor is available on dvd from new line home video .
murphy is delightful and the film takes off whenever he's onscreen .
given the unprecedented popularity ( especially among teenage boys ) of the video game that sports an uber-buff , pistol packin' babe who raids , well . . .
when korshonov executes passengers , there is a frightening reality to it .
joseph mazzello gives the stand out performance .
he makes up a past of working clash anguish because the truth of wealth and comfort just isn't interesting enough .
even though i didn't read the book , there's no doubt in mind that it was just as moving and descriptive .
there's no conviction whatsoever as the movie barely pays lip service to it ; it's only here because someone apparently thought there should be some kind of boy-meets-girl subplot .
the formula worked so well , in fact , that the sequel was inevitable .
in lam's film , van damme plays alain moreau , a french cop ( at least his accent makes more sense here than it did in hard target ) who discovers that he was separated shortly after birth from a twin brother who was adopted by russians .
basic instinct's worst crime is that it's not just a bad movie , but in many ways , an incompetent one as well .
he's finally rid of his family !
the meeting between these two completely opposite people does not end the next morning as planned , when edward finally offers to pay vivian three-thousand dollars if she will stay with him for six days and nights while he is in the area , keeping him company and acting as his companion to business dinners and get-togethers .
--a review by stuart cracraft
he had promised money to help rebuild the community after the riots , and it hasn't shown up .
having confirmed he's not a fluke or a savant , he does what he can to get will into the education system .
and it may make you think twice before you consider dating anyone your office .
most entries into this worn-out , worm-eaten genre aren't especially good .
the dialog by wendy macleod , based on the play by mark waters , is so sharp and biting that it seems in danger of cutting through the celluloid at any moment .
fortunately , the cast of `down to you' has a certain appeal .
i think i'm gonna start drinking again after this lame-ass movie .
with a simple story , a pulsating soundtrack , and lots of awesomely choreographed fight scenes , the movie moved quickly and displayed lots of energy .
the film has gotten some negative reviews ( a friend of mine actually thinks it's the worst in the series ) , but i'm not really sure why .
you can see her self pride in her eyes as she presents him a list of signatures , making her an eligible candidate .
based on the late carl sagan novel of the same name , the story delves itself in questions on science and god ; fact and faith .
there's also a time for them and many would argue that this difficult period of our history , might be an ideal circumstance during which to " relax " by watching something so completely frivolous .
at its best , the acting can barely be called " adequate " and the script could've definitely used a rewrite or two .
if you want to see a smart , insightful film with excellent acting and a clever script , see boiler room .
the republic sent two jedi knights ( people that can actively communicate with what is affectionately known as " the force " ) , qui-gon jinn ( liam neeson ) and obi-wan kenobi ( ewan mcgregor ) to negotiate .
the script you've co-written with peter tolan ( what planet are you from ?
no one will walk out of this misbegotten project smiling , but i hear rush hour 2 is coming in just a few weeks .
no doubt the filmmakers intended this to make the audience cheer when what happens to him , but instead of 'funny annoying' he's just annoying .
when bulworth ended , i allowed myself a sigh of relief : ? it is possible for me to enjoy political satire . ?
no only does this make vivian feel cheap , especially since she had previously been posing as a more professional , eloquent young lady , but it also maddens her that edward would demean and betray her in such a way , and ultimately causes her to question where exactly her life is leading , and if she likes this particular path .
at another point , a character announces that she can't have children .
and when one band is tuning up , a member remarks , " finally , a decent sound system ! "
joaquin phoenix gives an astounding performance .
of course ( and no mainstream filmmaker would ever have it any other way ) he starts really caring for powell and he becomes fixed on helping powell prove that he is not a psychotic and that he should not be in prison .
deniro does some of his finest comic work since the king of comedy , giving off a somewhat similar performance to his role in goodfellas , but with a bit of a lighter heart .
the 'miming' of the actors piano playing is faultless ( apparently rush didn't mime ; he really did play )
james cameron's aliens was much more of an action film .
starring tim roth , pruitt taylor vince , bill nunn , clarence williams iii .
george is in between them .
even so , weaver and hunter act very well in their own departments . . .
oscar nominee janet mcteer ( " tumbleweeds " ) stars as dr . lily penleric , an accomplished musicologist who , back in that pre-feminist era , was refused a full professorship at her university .
dear god , this is a fantastically bad film !
this one's not anti-climactic - i knew it was gonna suck .
i suppose this film could have been watchable if it weren't for the fact that the characters are universally unappealing .
only anna's celebrity-or william's lack thereof-threatens to drive a wedge between them .
there are two characters who are father and daughter ; when they first appeared i thought they were lovers .
although that may have been the intent in his original script , the result is more like a bad television series that the " blade runner " replicants watch to pass time .
isn't this just so , so , funny ! ?
but two funny scenes and a couple good wisecracks do not a movie make .
it's almost laughable in a sadistic way to watch close walk around in costumes that seem to be pulled from the wardrobe of flash gordon .
it's yet another sign that pixar , the acclaimed animation studio behind " toy story " and " a bug's life , " is still at the top of its game .
niccol's intelligent script handles all these questions extremely well , and the result is an incredibly smart thriller set against a dramatic story , or vice versa .
she had previously had a relationship with vikram , her supervisor .
only jared leto ( looking like a carbon copy of rob lowe from back in the day ) and alicia witt , as the resilient heroine , avoid vexatiousness .
to provide a contrast with the marquis , wright involves him with two very different characters .
he's pretty funny while he does it , and although his character is a little close to his character in city slickers , he's pretty funny .
in the end , deep impact is a wasted opportunity .
it's a disclaimer unlikely to put protestors at ease , for to read it , one actually has to see dogma .
the film is predicable , but who cares ?
i was also impressed by some of the " real " musicians who played in the film ( zakk wylde from ozzy osbourne , jeff pilson from dokken , stephan jenkins from third eye blind , blas elias from slaughter ) , but actor dominic west as kirk cuddy made the biggest impression among the band members .
oddly enough , the patriot is as much an epic three-hour-tear-fest like gladiator , as it is a ninety-minute guilty pleasure .
movies that present no admiration , no captivation , no richness and vague interest in what children are being subjected to .
this is called conciseness transfer , and this is part of the tragedy in the film : people " wake up " in unknown places and strange things start happen .
one of the first films of 1999 is this mtv pictures release which marks the first leading feature role for james van der beek , the star of the wb's runaway hit dawson's creek .
in another sense , this immensely moving scene evokes gene roddenberry's star trek pilot the cage , later the menagerie , when jeffrey hunter and susan oliver have their memories manipulated to create new worlds in which they live and encounter aliens .
it was like they stole for every other movie down to a " t " .
this just goes to show that hype kills .
a simple rule : more silly action is needed in order to make a silly action movie work .
the story serves absolutely no purpose , makes little sense , and is completely tangential to the main plotlines of the movie .
call it touched by a demon .
when i first heard of contact , the hype was building it up as a sci-fi blockbuster .
their big scenes are mostly reserved for the third act , in a last minute-and futile-attempt to inject warmth into the material .
mitchum gives this film all the intensity and purpose it needs , as it overcomes a thin plot .
in red corner gere plays classy lawyer jack moore , who is guilty of the same personality traits as his character martin vail in primal fear  bold and up front , who thinks he is three steps ahead of everybody else but is actually two steps behind .
after embarrassing his instructor's assistant by beating him roundly , then beating up a bully in a marketplace , wong fei-hong tries to hit on a pretty girl , but discovers that she , and her mother , can hit back , better than he can . . . and
cool .
while the entire 97-minutes of bowfinger isn't always on target , individual scenes may have you rolling in the aisles .
she's no uma but i'm sure in real life she'd have no problems attracting men .
ostensibly a murder mystery , drowning mona gives you almost all the clues immediately , then lets you sit back and feel superior as you watch the cast of paper people fumble their way to finding the killer , who could be anyone due to mona's loving manner with everyone on town .
- colqhoun , ravenous
the metzler family is an extremely wealthy one .
there's the demanding producer .
i mention these allusions for a reason .
despite some innovation and risk taking , the story is surprisingly straightforward and dramatized in broad strokes , as are its characters .
he even titles his cases with such sherlockian epigrams as the case of the mismatched shoelaces , the case about the man who lied about his age , or the case of the hired gun who made way way too many mistakes .
i actually had a 7th grade teacher who was a big comic collector and was set to buy some of the comics from him , anticipating rather craftily that , if the movie was a big hit , it would drive up the price of the comics rather nicely .
didn't they read the bad dialogue , the cheezy lines , the obvious derivative nature of the work ( mind you , with a director like depalma at the helm , that ain't saying much ! ) .
sam is recruited from a montmartre bar by dierdre ( natascha mcelhone of the truman show ) , an irish woman , to be part of an action to steal a mysterious metal case .
the pear family situation is a fine example of the way breckman's script builds the laughs .
tim curry ( home alone 2 , legend ) is over-the-top as frank n . furter .
it is also very episodic , because the developments in the story fly by with no satisfying payoffs .
my comment is that she is exceptionally fine strung in this movie , so much so that when she has a nervous break down , the veins on her temples bulge impressively .
the good news brings hope to the ghetto ; the everyday specter of suicide vanishes .
finally , in the last 20 minutes , kevin confronts his last fear - the bandits , head on ( literally ) .
filmmakers should know your final impression will be the one you linger on , remember , and convey to others thru word of mouth , so after telling us for 60+ minutes that this film is a glorious masterpiece , they sure leave us with a disheartening taste of mediocrity in our mouths .
liotta's henry hill looks somewhat too hollywoodised and glamorous among this bunch of low-level street thugs .
we're not even given any definitive information about whether or not one of the key characters lives or dies !
then he discovers one of his best students has instead returned to the city and runs a squalid private pharmacy .
the movie opens with blackness , and only distant , alien-like underwater sounds .
or lots of blood & guts , men against men and mano-et-mano stuff .
in the beginning , kelly looks to be a paper thin character , but richards adds a little more spice and ultimately makes the character not only sexy , but dominating as well .
constantly throghout , i was asking myself if director gary graver actually thought this movie was worth anything .
to see these bars blocking his face , we see how separated tibbs is from the rest of the characters in the film .
flustered with his lack of progress , he cycles through them again and again .
a big bonus for those of us who were looking for similar moves in the first movie and found them only rarely .
but by the closing scenes , the stendhal syndrome has already offered us enough to qualify as one of the very best films of dario argento's career .
almost all of that footage became unusable because many of the actor's had never smoked before , and as a result they became " confused " and were unable to perform the scene .
the cinematography has a comic book red/blue emphasis , which is nice to look at , but the suspense sequences are all telegraphed and this movie even features the old " killer who talks too much before shooting thus giving the victim time to think of an escape " trick .
of course i knew this going in .
also , the ending , while having you fooled for a moment , is rather contrived , and somewhat dissapointing .
what he doesn't deliver is a moment of suspense .
1 . they're the better promotion .
there's a lot you can do in an animated fantasy world , after all .
blade is based on the comic book character of the same name and has that comic book kind of feel to it .
johnson isn't dull , he's just lame as the young know it all who winds up saving everybody's ass all the time .
dull " and " stupid .
and bedazzled -- need i say more ? ) is a roast of hollywood and celebrity , sure , but it's not a funny one .
arnold schwarzenegger pregnant ?
horror auteur john carpenter ( " halloween , " " vampires " ) strikes out with this sci-fi eco-fable that's so bad it boggles the mind to imagine how the project ever got green-lit .
most of it will go over young children's heads .
she is winning in a role that requires her to do absolutely nothing except look apple-cheek cute and gawk at wilson , her real-life boyfriend .
the film starts off on a dreary day ten years after sethe's escape , as a violent , unseen energy rocks her dilapidated farmhouse .
you are too talented for this stuff ) .
as a result , both parents decide to bring their next baby into the world via genetics .
less successful is davis , whose strident elizabeth comes across as overly cartoonish .
? they are able to carry that into their first film , " spice world " .
the christian conversion angle simply falls flat and unbelievable .
it just never did anything for me , until now .
also very similar to " the matrix , " they are exciting and intense .
when one is stuck in a theater for an hour and a half watching what claims to be a motion picture , one looks for some solace .
one-upping niccol , it was when unlikely candidate-director peter weir took the helm that things fell into place .
suspense at its very derivative !
like american graffiti ( 1973 ) , the film features some great old songs on the soundtrack , which heightens the atmosphere , and gives the film an extra lift .
strangelove " in the tradition of political black comedy , and it most definitely didn't do that .
and dennis quaid ?
unfortunately , banderas delivers it in a fashion that makes chevy chase's career look like oscar material .
but the right stuff film isn't even fiction .
they're in pursuit of loki and bartleby ( damon and affleck , respectively-this is probably the sharpest either has ever been ) , who were banished from heaven to wisconsin and have discovered a dogmatic loophole that will enable their return .
there's bound to be a lot of casualties , but instead godzilla is afflicted with the after-school g . i .
although the technical artistry is fairly impressive to bring the mechanical creature to life , the film itself doesn't appear to have a brain in its head .
when nick is killed in a prison riot , rudy decides to pretend to be nick and take ashley out on a date for the christmas holidays .
nicole kidman is an intelligent female action hero .
my favourite was the slow-motion sequence in the film where eve , sporting superhuman strength , is shown tossing aside guards who are attempting to contain her with what look like body blocks .
let's hope billy gets himself a pair of reading glasses before he signs up for another movie .
you watch the movie , laugh a lot , leave the theatre and take nothing with you .
had wood continued in this vein , glen or glenda ?
you want to do everything by hand , ' " topiary gardener george mendonca complains , defending his continued resort to hand shears in trimming his intricately privet-sculpted animal creations .
could it have something to do with the fact that l . ron hubbard was the founder of scientology ?
it's best stab at self-reflexivity is poking fun at " that girl in the noxzeema ad " ( ie , rebecca gayheart ) we also have another killer-taunting-his-victim-on-the-phone routine in urban legend and quick , what movie is this exchange of dialogue from :
until then , he merely suggests its presence with creepy , subjective underwater shots and williams' music .
there's not a moment in the movie where i felt like i was listening to genuine human beings talk ; it's all screenwriterese , that bizarre analect where every sentence ends in a punchline and the primary mode of expression is the unique conjunctions of four-letter words .
yes , incredible as it seems , the bugs actually kill with cosmic farts .
plot : a separated , glamorous , hollywood couple must pretend to reunite for a press junket of the last movie that they ever shot together .
and , luckily , his parents never enter into his life -- no , in the world of cruel intentions , adults don't really exist .
film is a different medium .
it's interesting to note some of the parallels between cruel intentions and dangerous liaisons .
a murder is not vice territory , flirting with asian prostitues is , but wes would rather play inquisitive detective .
in event horizon , it was the video of the event horizon crew being taken over by hell's forces .
the film seems to not only borrow it's plot from last year's similarly-fated " deep rising , " but also from a clunkish b-movie from the '80s called " leviathan , " an underwater thriller starring peter weller , richard crenna , hector elizando , and daniel stern about a group of miners who stumble upon an alien lifeform that was part " alien , " part john carpenter's twisted remake of " the thing . "
unfortunately , he's barely in the film , and for the first hour dosen't appear at all !
allow me to spread some more good buzz for notting hill .
because the camera does not track the deputy's movement , we are left with an amplified perception of desertion and vulnerability .
i hadn't seen him before in anything , and didn't know what the heck to expect , really .
burger king gets one , as does the el pollo loco taco joint , but budget rent-a- car really hits the jackpot .
nice miniature effects , however .
scenes which are seemingly meant to contain deep meaning are ruined by acts of levity .
yahoo has created a charming family for albert , and the scenes on tasmania are often clever .
even though the movie was extremely well-received by critics and public alike , i couldn't help but be disgusted at this notion ; human tragedy is not something i feel should be celebrated .
these innocent people pay for the mistakes of their " users " and creators with their sanity and their lives .
the direction of dolores claiborne by taylor hackford wildly varies throughout the film , ranging from some parts which are quite clever in their own right , to parts which are embarrassingly hokey .
if you enjoy the picture as much as i did , credit weir for allowing the magic of the screenplay to work .
seen may 31 , 1999 on home video ( rented ) .
after he gets his milkshake , he drives off , only to be pursued by a military helicopter .
he sees the same people walking in the same set patterns all over town .
yossef prays to god for a child and then robotically gets malka to spread her legs , and without the least bit of affection , only a nervousness shown on his part for the function he supplies , as he goes inside her and rams her hard , thrusting away until the act is completed and then retiring without a word or gesture of love .
maybe it's that it never totally lets go and takes off into real innocent fun - it's too obsessed with its orwellian message to become totally engaging , and if it weren't for woody allen , it would have been just a really clever good-not-great flick .
and she's not even empathic !
the problem with the film is that there are just too many inconsistencies .
the casual viewer of a cult film will look at it and be repulsed and confused , yelling out 'what the hell is that ? ' .
selection mad city .
other than these , the english patient is full of worthless scenes of boredom and wastes entirely too much film .
i suppose i'm being a little hard on varsity blues .
the missing mammal belongs to the miami dolphins , who need their mascot for the upcoming superbowl .
the opening night crowd in my theater was about 70% male , and that seems appropriate .
i'd recommend this be read only by those who have seen the film as a form of critical analysis . )
everyone feels a different way and that is what tears us to pieces .
after seeing a mysterious acid-eaten section , ripley asks to see the dead bodies , and then have them cremated .
with the recent onslaught of 70's nostalgia in the movie world ( the ice storm , boogie nights , reissues of the star wars trilogy , etc . ) , let's pray this doesn't get a special 20th anniversary , second-chance in theaters .
vampire's is a rude , chauvinistic movie where women are portrayed as pawns of abuse , present only to pleasure men , feed vampires , readied to be bashed or beaten - till one's sensibilities is shocked by the low iq and mentality of this regressive movie .
oddly enough , these seem like they could be exciting scenes .
he spends his days inside of his spacious manhattan apartment writing romance novels .
announces an alarmed lugosi as stock footage of buffalo appears .
gluttony is hollywood's favorite sin , but it is the movie-goers who pay the price by being dealt the same things over and over on an ever-worsening basis .
the last ten or so minutes featured a conversation between the eye and the judd that was supposed to be some sort of revealing exposition .
boy , sounds like a real comedy vehicle , doesn't it ?
all in all , a bad movie starring some great actors doing solid work , especially michael clarke duncan as the man of the hour , john coffey .
they catch onto a plot of his involving a superweapon that can basically be considered an 80-foot tarantula ( although it looks bigger than that ) , hellbent on destroying anything in its path .
the government might be the least of their obstacles , however , as they find themselves suspects in the murder of a drug dealer , and on the run from a nasty thug ( vondie curtis hall ) .
you continue to await some momentum in the story , something that could possibly revive the slow pace .
however , this doesn't make it worth the rental fee of over a penny .
these people like jerry lewis .
lapaglia seems to have attended the de niro school of gangster acting , and his inspired performance is partly a tribute to his role-model and partly a rip-off .
the film stock used is of such low caliber that i thought i was watching one of those chinese films shown really late at night .
" fun " is a noun , and therefore cannot be conjugated like an adjective .
the rest of the cast is also quite good .
not only does he talk in riddles and offer enigmatic ( e . g .
america loves convenience .
and so , with stars in his eyes , and thoughts of scholarships in his head , homer enlists the help of three other boys ( william lee scott , chad lindberg and chris owen ) and begins to build a rocket .
he runs into a group of " warrirors " who are , unbeknownst to him , a group of carnival bugs , and they agree to help under similar false pretenses .
john malkovich himself continues to creep out people with his eerie facial expressions and tone of voice .
qui-gon and obi-wan hold no presence on film , and give little for the audience to root for .
this isn't heinlein , it's a bad wwii movie , one where all the most obvious points of satire are ever poked and prodded in combat scenes that are noisy , repetitive , and ultimately tiresome .
i would welcome any comments about this movie from any who have seen it .
the atmosphere too was quite involving .
mr . magoo runs 1 : 37 .
but the epitome of how moralistically mushy this film gets happens when the person responsible for the toxic dumping , kristopherson , meets up with seagal .
larry flynt's wife , althea leasure is played by courtney love .
and now the cons : the approach may be interesting , but in trying an old-fashioned method , director gary sinyor gives the film a synthetic feel .
be prepared to be disturbed if you should decide to watch this film !
and i would have been spared a headache .
he was obviously upset by the movie's intense violence .
and it doesn't matter one bit that the special effects are cheesy - this is schlock after all , even if it is high class schlock .
i guess brad pitt was right for this role , because i felt like beating him up myself .
the plot , cribbed greatly from " 2001 , " concerns a team sent to mars , the first manned trip ever made to the red planet .
he spends the afternoons at his job quizzing his coworkers with obscure trivia or listening to new music and either deriding it or praising it .
scully is at his side , of course , but gillian anderson gets maybe half the screen time .
orson welles narrates and appears in the film in which he , along with best-selling author hal lindsey , discusses various prophecies from the bible and relates them to recent ( well for 1976 anyway ) events .
growing up , tarzan ( voiced by alex d . linz as a child , and by tony goldwyn as an adult ) has a couple of friends .
as far as cinematography goes , there are many interesting moments in _patlabor : the movie_ .
although , at times you can tell that bosco is looking for a specific response from szwarc , and is surprised when he doesn't get that response .
let me tell you what reality is .
i mean really mean .
but her little unsuccessful project was nothing compared to what john travolta went through earlier this summer , with a film entitled battlefield earth .
they can be seen on a post to the right of indy and sallah as they remove the ark .
nearly every sequence flirts with becoming syrupy and cliched .
keep in mind that i have never strayed away from championing certain movies that are created simply for the sake of a " fun time " , but this flick just didn't cut it for me .
the heartbreaking thing is that it makes independence day look like a masterpiece .
there are moments of organized craziness as john phillips , leader of the mamas and the papas and one of the concert organizers , tries to get in touch with dionne warwick .
this contrast demonstrates a wish for change .
osnard offers harry a way out .
any reason to put this film back into theatres is a good one , and it's a true joy to see this heartwarming gem back on the silver screen .
one of the scary aspects of the film is a strange connection that the viewer establishes with the characters , and starts to understand them , although they have turned into half crazed killers .
initiates the horrifying scenes in the movie , where the prisoners are forced to play russian roulette against each other .
the tagline for this film is : " some houses are just born bad " .
they are horror fans , they know how stuff happens in a horror movie , they know what to do and what not to do , and that makes it scary , and even funny at certain times .
sigourney weaver is possibly the only actress who could play this character and make her realistic enough for us to care about .
red's punishment is to force freddie to marry his bookkeeper , sam clayton ( vincent d'onofrio ) , who is far from the man of freddie's dreams .
danielle meets prince henry ( dougray scott ) , goes to a ball disguised , is later found out and they live happily ever after .
at a time when most movies fall apart in the last ten minutes , fallen manages to buck the trend and redeem itself .
we get douglas' character , a new york uppedity psychiatrist , suddenly turning into an action hero , with moves and attitude to boot .
the movie then quickly degenerates into lots of scenes where noel glances at claire with significance , and claire looks out over the water reflectively .
i admired the overhead view of the stairs , showing dr . peel running around in circles and never getting anywhere .
mind you , there's nothing wrong with the basic story .
while all of the right films to spoof were chosen , they used none of the right spoofing methods .
this film should become a classic used by film schools in how not to make a horror film .
while entertaining and funny , it feels really out of place .
like many of the slapstick clowns who preceded him , most notably the almost-forgotten harry langdon , benigni's guido has a childlike innocence .
i partially disagree with this , because , although i do not advocate racism in any way , it's interesting the way kaye presents derek -- he is a loud , obnoxious man , but he's also very smart .
apparently it does not even occur to leo that there is a mystery that needs to be explained about that .
oh bacon glistens when he gets wet all right and looks like a rather fatty side of cheap flank steak when he's attempting reentry but otherwise it's lots of " thermal " shots and inanimate objects ( elisabeth shue included ) bobbing around without any visible signs of support .
but those who appreciate good social commentary with their films , no matter how slow or downright depressing they are ( this one is both ) will appreciate " jude , " though i doubt anyone truly enjoys it .
would the geek get the girl ?
mimic , then , may fail with it's story , pacing and characters , but the film does look good .
this is definitely not a character- based motion picture .
i probably would have despised this film had it not been released over the july 4th weekend .
summer of sam will be remembered as a waste of spike lee's abilities .
( at least . . . change
i mean , a really , really , bad movie .
fortunately , there are only two elements left .
5 . simply put , they could make a movie a hundred times better , and they could do a wrestling movie the right way .
a fully loaded entertainment review - website coming in july !
of course not .
lester's unassertive daughter jane ( thora birch ) is too lethargic to change her world , yet all too ready to whine and complain .
it doesn't fare any better plot-wise , either .
he plays his character , mob boss paull vitti , somewhere in between the realm of comedy and drama .
this paves the way for every possible pregnancy/child birth gag in the book , especially since grant's equally annoying friend's wife is also pregnant .
but there are those who will not , and those will most likely be people who have already seen one or more of the following movies : " 2001 : a space odyssey , " " armageddon , " " apollo 13 , " " the abyss , " " close encounters of the third kind , " " e . t .
the film is far more upbeat than his previous films dead poets society and green card .
the trend of the moment-- and bear in mind it's a trend not a movie - is spawn , and if you've seen the animated series on hbo you'll recall it embodies the lost life of a disfigured man , an individual who has transpired the ultimate punishment : he's been sent to hell .
nostalgia for good old times is illustrated with easy-listening 1950s pop songs , while depression , paranoia and bad times find their expression in more neurotic rock songs of late 1960s and 1970s .
that's when you know your health's failing .
he finds his daughter-in-law , helen , with the two men his son robbed a bank with .
and , if you do , don't make the final product look ten times worse than it would any other time .
a tv newswoman , diana ( gabrielle fitzpatrick ) , covertly tapes a drug deal involving kingpin giancarlo ( richard norton ) and a local gang of toughs , the demons .
the first act is not a building of a story , but a juxtaposition of scenes that serve no purpose other than to plug in all the required elements ( such as plot , conflict , and characterization - god forbid ! ) .
it's a waste of wesley snipes and woody harrelson , who are enjoyable actors in their own rights but are nauseating here .
eventually , once several psychologists have rejected the belligerent young man , sean mcguire , a teacher at bunker hill community college , agrees to take the case .
* * * * * perfection .
this movie failed simply because it didn't live up to it's name . . . . there
but even he is so utterly weird and over-the-top .
the driven young director ( scott foley ) ?
and i'm sure it's comforting for her to know that , even though the world's ending in a matter of months , she's a cable news personality .
the matchmaker falls for every cliche of things that can go wrong -- garofalo has to take a tiny plane to ireland , almost misses the bus to town , can't get a hotel room , ends up in the smallest , trashiest one around , has a dog piss on her luggage , and so on .
at the top of his lungs , referring to the mars mission but more likely aimed at the makers of this piffle .
the premise to this film is not unlike that game , only this time we don't have control over the protagonist .
the costuming is exceptional , and the dialogue is crisp and effective throughout ( it's recognizable that the script was refined by award-winning playwright tom stoppard ) .
flubber is a green jello that can magnify and reflect energy that is applied to it .
the dialogue is edgy and inventive , and this film proves that a movie doesn't necessarily require likable character to be extremely enjoyable .
the first such scene takes place on an abandoned spaceship and what ensues could best be described as " alien " -lite .
on the way , they run into curly's twin brother , duke , played by ( you know who ) jack palance .
in hard rain a small town is nearly deserted due to flooding .
i have no idea .
i predict that titanic will open to likeable reviews .
de niro is a brilliant actor , but a character who hardly ever speaks doesn't need a de niro to play him .
a captivating drama about the lives of a group of friends from a small russian-american pennsylvania community , the deer hunter promises to be one of those movies that you will never forget .
a plotless , pointless rock n' roll movie can be fun , if the jokes and gags are actually funny .
taking even adolescent hormone surges into account , surely this chicken-bashing bit is a bit excessive , especially for prim puritan sensibilities ?
the special effects are crisp , clear , and at least mildly captivating , unlike any of the presences onscreen save it be oldman , who plays his evil character with a great deal of fun and finesse .
rated pg-13 , spawn seems more violent than many r-rated movies and probably wouldn't be appropriate for the very young .
the only reason i did not give this 0 stars is because it had some okay stunts .
warning : this review contains some spoilers for the 1964 film " fail-safe . "
in woo , the constant reliance upon unfunny , moronic humor sinks the project .
they fix on a name rita for her , but are not sure if this right or not .
an orphan , he was in and out of foster homes on a regular basis .
and remember , if a film is for _everybody_ , and if it makes the most money for the summer , it _must_ be good , right ?
will lester regain his ability to appreciate life ?
it's a character crying out for a better movie ( or at least another decently drawn character with which to interact . )
we sit through this mess of a film .
the new characters are also developed quite well , especially jesse , who narrates a sarah mclachlan-aided flashback illustrating how she was loved , then forgotten by her owner .
jenny and her father , jason ( maximilian schell ) , have a very touching relationship that forms out of the impending doom .
the second half is a straight up parody of king kong , awestruck onlookers and all .
so while the rain is possible , some doubts do creep in .
you would have every reason to expect that relationships -- both familial and romantic -- would be the focal point of feeling minnesota .
it appears that most people prefer the delightfully colourful production number for the calypso-styled " under the sea " as joyfully crooned by mr . wright , which won the academy award and golden globe awards for best song -- indeed , one of the many little joys in screening the film during its re-release was listening to children scattered throughout the audience singing along with the tune -- but my favourite is ms . benson's heartfelt rendition of the ballad " part of your world " , an achingly beautiful tune of yearning and hope ( wonderfully lyricized by mr . ashman ) which , accompanied by the film's most dazzlingly polished animation sequence , packs an emotional wallop which literally brought tears to my eyes .
written for the screen and directed by coppola , the rainmaker is the best grisham film yet mostly because it does not take itself too seriously .
although it's slow and sometimes confusing to follow , it still manages to give audiences a moving experience .
it shows .
bulworth , then , is well worth watching .
yes , the creature out after poor einstein is some guy in a furry suit and a mask which poorly imitates the werewolves in the howling .
nicholson is hilarious as melvin , churning out insults with superb relish .
this is a lesson that writer/director stephen sommers ( who previously helmed the live-action jungle book ) needs to learn .
i don't think it's that big of a deal that the federation wanted to move 600 ba'ku in order to save the lives of thousands .
this jackie is a world-class chef who co-hosts a popular cooking show on australian television .
anyway , one of the women manages to escape ( ashly judd ) and teams up with freeman to . . . well ,
i don't see zany here .
as sure as the sun sets in the west , a shark breaks lose and wreaks havoc within the facility during a hormone extraction procedure .
there is one fight on a streetcar between jeffries and another hitman ( played by peter stormare ) that is so ineptly directed , shot and edited , that i had no idea 1 ) exactly where they were on the streetcar , 2 ) who was hitting who , and 3 ) where this hitman came from and how he knew where jeffries and simon were .
the repulsing situation is taken in stride , as if the two were already parents , caring for their sick child .
the result is neither scary nor funny ; it's just tedious .
today the movie studios want to take over my critical review , and somehow persuade you that _armageddon_ , the summer's biggest blockbuster , is a film for everybody .
while struggling about his fancy house , he switches between moaning in self-pity and dropping condescending hints about his loyal secretary's ( glenne headly ) plain appearance .
when indy is dragging along the ground , hanging onto the nazi soldier's truck with the ark inside , you can see the pad that he's being dragged on .
>from this point , the movie turns into a series of music videos with a few bits of acting in between .
he can write a flawed character , but his rick santoro seems to be just a half-assed effort .
the trailer holds up well considering most previews from that time do not , and it even includes a scene not in the film itself ( a scene that should have been in the film , as it's a good joke ) .
the final fight ensues between clubber and rocky .
graham yost , the writer of both speed and hard rain , surely understands that principle .
astronaut a : " yeah , that's mars all right . "
she's depressed , she makes obvious references , she mopes around the house .
films adapted from comic books have had plenty of success , whether they're about superheroes ( batman , superman , spawn ) , or geared toward kids ( casper ) or the arthouse crowd ( ghost world ) , but there's never really been a comic book like from hell before .
maybe i'm just a little miffed that i had to pay 3 bucks to see it , even though it was dollar night at the cinema .
hollywood has really done the whole dracula thing to death ( no pun intended - honest ) .
it's not clear which scene it is .
seeing films like the haunting and big daddy making money , i wouldn't be surprised to see " the 13th warrior " become a hit .
or " why didn't anybody think of that before ? "
one of the most interesting things about this film is how it compares and contrasts the relationship between kelly and her mother .
plus there's romance - between jesse and a spunky hometown gal , lee mimms ( ali larter ) .
maybe not knowing the premise behind this film made for a pleasant surprise , but i think even if i had known , i would have been just as happy .
was filmed by handheld videocameras and nfeatured acting that was mostly based on improvisation .
in the opening sequence we see the egg hatch , find its quarry , which leads to a fire aboard the sulaco when the facehugger is injured , an leads the sulaco to jettison the hypersleep tubes in an escape vessel .
fearing her father will surely be killed in battle , fa mulan ( ming-na wen ) disguises herself as a man and sneaks off with the royal orders to join the chinese army .
there's just not enough humor to speed things along , and not enough meaning to propel any drama .
the other half of the title--first contact--refers to a subplot that takes place on 21st-century earth , where riker , troi , and laforge meet legendary scientist zephram cochran ( james cromwell ) , who is about to embark on the first warp speed flight in human history , which directly leads to the first contact with extraterrestrials .
don't even bother !
however , i was positively surprised by josef rusnak's latest picture .
other than that , it's a standard romantic comedy with a very substandard gimmick .
if that's what you're looking for , i don't see how you will be disappointed with this film .
in the wedding singer , sandler is right on track .
seriously , folks .
the promotion for urban legend sure promised thrills , but how can anyone with a three digit iq argue that it provides them .
schwarzenegger gives his best performance ever , and the supporting cast is good too .
despite the presence of pierce brosnan , there is nary a hint of james bond flash here .
in a movie filled to the brim with major characters , the decision to add the entirely unnecessary batgirl and elle macpherson as bruce wayne's girlfriend is puzzling .
and obi-wan , although mcgregor makes him very endearing , has so little screen time that he's nothing but a robin to qui-gon jinn's batman .
it features a cookie-cutter " i-wanna-please-dada " rameses , who at least is given dignity by the voicework of ralph fiennes ( from schindler's list , among other things ) .
i'm not talking about snuff films , supposed " documentaries " of victims being brutalized and killed on camera .
his parents are dutch and named hans and paula .
there isn't anything in this movie with the potential to compel .
do i care ?
he leads a solitary life , helping out the monks at a local monastery .
we then meet the players in this gem of a movie , who all have their own reasons for joining the class .
lucy liu , looking good in a skin-tight black leather suit .
she now wants her own identity and her independence .
as good as he is , the one who should benefit the most from this project is davis , who shows much promise as an action heroine .
to be fair , barrymore is very appealing , but she is given very little to work with .
we observe the layers of skin , muscle , tissue , and bone being peeled away as a body is slowly rendered invisible .
director jan de bont was born in holland , and began his lengthy career as a cinematographer on films as die hard , hunt for red october and basic instinct , directed by another dutchman , paul verhoeven .
" fun " is a noun , and therefore cannot be conjugated like an adjective .
writers david elliot , clay ayers and darcy meyers , along with first-time director joe charbanic ( helmer of music videos for reeves' band dogstar ) , dwell on the warped thrill of the methodology and the chase , revealing , early on , exactly whodunit since the killer says he and the cop " need each other to give meaning to our lives . "
" tomb raider " sets up elaborate action set pieces , then renders them incomprehensible with needless jump cut editing ( a promising dual bungee cord battle is ruined by excessive cuts ) .
somehow , chucky moaning about mid life crisis , and how he should have gotten married does not make for a very scary chucky .
cars turn over .
and it turns out to be , of course , the one you didn't suspect .
she's at a turning point in her life , and feels as if she's going nowhere .
ill-conceived exploitive project , a pyrotechnical film .
to counter that , we are treated to several amazingly choreographed fight sequences with jet li .
on the other hand , it seems that something more than atlantic ocean divides europe from america , because one of the most popular and beloved european films takes exactly the opposite view .
however , except for jodie foster ( elie arroway ) and john hurt ( s . r .
( between this , rocketman , and george of the jungle , disney has recently eclipsed longtime champion troma as the studio most likely to include a fart joke in a film . )
it reads a lot like a fifth book of gulliver's travels .
but those few missteps were nothing compared to some of the more memorable scenes which definitely did work for me !
3 ) the third character on the trip , grace ( lolita davidovich ) stands in the way .
breakdown has been compared to several movies : george sluizer's the vanishing ( the original , hopefully , not his appalling hollywood remake ) , steven spielberg's duel and any number of hitchcock films .
the big gambit of buying up waterfront property to facilitate the building of a sports center for a nfl team is needlessly confusing .
the film occasionally becomes so bogged down with misdirection that you can sense it straining at the seams to try and drop red herrings left and right at the expense of its thriller elements .
of course , the point in a movie like " spice world " isn't plot .
mira nair's film is pleasant enough with a little human drama , a few family secrets , some sadness and some happiness .
henry and carol's bond grows stronger when they enter into an agreement to rob an armored car .
horner's score tries to make emotional connection , but the performances and the script do not help .
oh , and as an afterthought , d'artagnan falls in love with the poor maid at the local inn ( mena suvari ) .
scream treads on familar ground , horror movie with , as star neve campbell puts it , " some stupid killer stalking some big breasted girl who can't act who's always running up the stairs when she should be running out the front door . "
st : fc has a bigger budget than the last trek outing , the middling star trek generations , and it definitely shows on screen--the production design and especially visual and makeup effects are outstanding ( in particular those involving the borg queen ) .
the best example would have to be barbatus ( danny glover ) .
the mystery to me , is how the lovely kate could like either man unless she was an insensitive dummy .
just for the record , i'm certainly not recommending this film for its originality or surprise elements , since most of this stuff has already been covered in some way or another in other movies , but because it's a fun , uplifting , well-paced movie with a solid central showing by wahlberg and energetic live performances .
sometimes these breaks are used for chapter headings , but these are even more cryptic than the spoken words .
maybe the film's brilliance relies on the idea that the viewer can interpret the meaning of it in any way they see fit .
she's supposed to be a dress designer , but she looks more like a clown .
however , i found it distracting that tarzan is going " ohh ohh ee ee " one second and then tells jane his name in this manly voice with perfect diction .
young einstein is embarrassingly lame , but that didn't stop it from becoming a phenomenon in australia , where it became the third largest box office hit of all time .
needless to say , they get drawn back to the business .
aside from a brief glimpse of erotic encounters toward the beginning of the film , shane's fleeting dalliance with seductive socialite billie ( sela ward ) , and an abbreviated bedhopping montage , the sexual dimension is just about ignored .
maybe .
are we supposed to believe that out of all the strange folk who populated the studio nightly , that a character who is a bland ripoff of tony manero would really make a good protagonist for the film about it ?
proceedings also get off on the right foot with the opening with the funniest disclaimer ever .
soon , the wicked witch of the east is plotting a way for her son to get helen pregnant ( this involves poking a hole in a diaphragm ) .
well , he's done a good job .
now there's a film .
they mistake him to be the fascist president , traveling to their town that day .
never nervous and always commanding , his speech patterns are very manipulative as they range from stentorian to soothing .
ugh . that about sums this movie up .
the film leaves you cold erotically ( and maybe in many other ways ) , but what it does is present a group of people who live on the edge .
3 policemen , distinct in their characters and paths but all of them working in a place where there is no real distinction between good and evil .
but when he makes sweeping statements such as " i want to be very , very powerful and very , very rich and married to allison " , he'll soon learn that the devil is in the details .
in this film , three independent-minded men suddenly found themselves on a fishing boat in pursuit of a deadly shark .
one of the contributors to the destruction of the batman film franchise chris o'donnell stars in this remake of buster keaton's 1925 silent film seven chances .
max is in love with a woman named lilianna who moved away from romania twenty years before the film begins .
although the special effects should be impressive , with a massive tidal wave destroying new york , the special effects look like , well , special effects .
he uses tricks , yes ( lots of freeze-frame stuff here ) , but it all adds to the smooth and quirky currents in the film .
ford plays quinn harris , a carefree and slightly slobby ( endearingly so ) pilot in the tropics whose broken-down plane crashes in a storm , stranding him and his charter , new york magazine editor robin monroe ( anne heche ) , on a deserted island .
the debate over this is really quite futile when it comes down to it , because all the film really has to offer is a feast of horrid cover tunes , embarrassing cameo appearances ( george burns ? !
and in the last one , it was a chat with nicole .
the material may be considered crude and tasteless by many , and i might have thought so as well had shandling not been the lead .
this was foolish not only because it was unbelievable and hilariously erroneous but also because it had a broadway musical feel to it and this movie is about as far apart from your typical broadway musical than you can get .
again , i see that military tactics in the future must have evolved at about the same pace as their weapons !
peter fonda's performance borrows from his father henry fonda's in on golden pond- there is a great vulnerability that he gives the character ulee jackson and just like his father , peter fonda is quiet , emotional , and weary in this exceptional role .
i'll tell you why , it's because we wouldn't have a ( bad ) movie otherwise , that's why !
sure , the big assasination attempt is a bit cool looking and even slightly tense , but every other scene in the film is too short and too dull to register .
also featuring is morgan freeman as the president , and maximilian schell and vanessa redgrave as jenny's father and mother .
in terms of ambiance , the film harkens back to the 1970s , from the wall-to-wall funk and soul music drowning the soundtrack to the nondescript look of the sets -- even the opening title credit sequence has the echo of vintage 1970s productions .
he cares for caulder but does everything he can to discourage him from helping powell .
it's a film with a lot of flash , but very little actual substance .
while the bulk of the survivors focus on military strategies , aki ross ( voiced by ming-na ) and her mentor , dr . sid ( donald sutherland ) , believe in a more organic approach .
only because i was expecting something different did i notice-rather , feel-the movie's running time , which is just shy of two hours .
here , he is more of a wannabe serious actor ; an impostor .
overacted , overwrought and overlong , " wild things " is a confused mess , a movie that wants to have its cake and eat it too .
i loved knowing that this was a labor of love for bonnie hunt .
because this is a gen-xer movie , the obligatory rave soundtrack must accompany , and go's one is pretty decent .
now he's having a particularly difficult day .
he is exactly the man you would want at your wedding .
meanwhile , jeffrey , who is captivated by older women , runs into phyllis in a hotel bar , is smitten , and invites her to accompany him on a weekend retreat to the mountains .
and that is simply where there is hope , where there is life and where there is love , the spark of humanity will never be extinguished .
to be completely honest , i haven't had this little fun watching a disaster film in my entire life .
the next scene has the two coming together , revealing to us that they're husband and wife , and them sharing in one another's escapades .
some people would probably pick the manchurian candidate and others ( myself included ) would pick seven days in may .
while fincher's films have never suffered from a lack of shock value ( his major character killings in both alien 3 and seven are fine examples ) , fight club marks the distillation of his pitch-black comedic sensibility ( see 1997's the game ) into something like a definitive statement .
except run away and join an amish community .
it is , surprisingly , better than another recent haunted house remake , the haunting , a film which owes its basis to the classic horror novel by shirley jackson .
sort of charles foster kane meets the munsters . "
it lost that award to chariots of fire , but did manage to win for best art direction , best special effects , best film editing and best sound .
part of it is his fault - he's too optimistic , and too gullible .
the last days is a talking-heads style documentary -- it's mostly pictures of people telling their stories , intercut with period photographs and newsreel footage .
with all the remarkable advances we've made in just 37 years ( the film takes place in 2036 ) , we're still stupid .
only courteney cox strikes a note of reality in a solid performance ; she is sane center around which too equally troubled men revolve .
the victims are headless , and no traces of evidence were found , until the murderer reveals himself , hence the headless horseman .
evan bonifant ) , who quickly learns to become a mini-elwood .
tommy lee jones is as fine as ever , although his role is hardly a challenge .
the same team who created a good sex-film in 1992 ( " basic instinct " ) struck out here with their occasional violence , gratuitous x-rated sex scenes , and numerous ( and quite unnecessary ) lesbian overtones .
it's aggravating for the sole reason that its story could be so much more , could be totally intelligent , and it opens up with absolutely no subtlety that it will be handled complexly and intensely . . . then at one point in the movie makes on wrong turn that leads it to the hall of fame of half-assedness .
everyone does a serious and demanding job , no one are disappointing .
the slasher appears , attacks , the victim is eviscerated , and the tedious cycle appears anew .
planet .
their own ideas .
chaja is at first put off by the way they expect her to follow their rules , but soon finds the wife , mrs . kalman ( rossellini ) , to be kind and she becomes attached to one of her 5 children , a 4-year-old named simcha ( monty ) who doesn't talk .
the purpose of star trek is to provide flashy , innocent fun .
or as they say in french , " eet blows " .
flying ninjas and floating karate masters have been replaced by soaring bronx detectives and slow motion kicking scientists .
possibly the years the most anticipated film and finally it arrives here in the uk .
on the other hand , michael gross as his pursuer is quite wooden and his interaction with some of the actors is terrible .
if you thought batman & robin was bad about this , you ain't seen nothin' yet .
the first two-thirds of " 8mm " unwind as a fairly conventional missing persons drama , albeit with a particularly unsavory core .
all attempts of friendliness from neighbours are curtly rebuffed by max , a spindly , neurotic-looking individual who hasn't the time to indulge in pleasantries .
the water rushing towards the land is effective , but once it hits the continent , the effects turn ridiculous .
it was woody and buzz up there , not tom and tim .
but enough about the differences .
the island of dr .
stargate ========
in fact , zemeckis et .
watching it i was struck by just how brilliant a film it is .
; ) afterwards , the two kids have a rollickingly good time dancing around in front of circus performers .
anyway , the problems : all three female characters are fairly uninteresting , and several are cardboard stereotypes , especially sarandon's character .
here's the story : us army member james west ( will smith ) teams up with creative genius artemus gordon ( kevin kline ) to take on a ruthless villain by the name of arliss loveless ( kenneth branagh ) , whose lower half was blown off during the civil war , leaving him to roll around in a steam-controlled wheelchair .
i'm less inclined to look favorably upon crichton , although he has a few enjoyable titles on his resume ( jurassic park and the levinson-directed disclosure come to mind ) .
and what about the film's main plot point ?
and there are some funny parts ( like , for example , the scene where reese attempts to fight whitfeld for harrassing her son and damaging her property ) , but they're just not enough to sustain the film .
i thought , mabe it will be fun ?
" mission to mars " is one of those films that makes a critic wonder where to start when talking about all the things that are wrong with it , so let's start with one of the things that does work : director brian de palma manages to create some eerie tension in a few scenes during the middle of the film .
i'm one of the few people that liked " batman & robin , " this summer's other big-budget comic book film .
apparently verhoven's imagination doesn't stretch too far .
in short , rudolph has created a world that it's worth spending two hours in .
in a couple of scenes , godzilla briefly breathes fire .
look at modern movies that involve submarines : das boot , the abyss , the hunt for red october , crimson tide . . .
i wouldn't be surprised if this gave people nightmares .
and in order for this review to be thorough many of those significant points must be mentioned which , unfortunately , may serve as spoilers so proceed with caution .
i'll elaborate further .
mullen=92s wife ( rene russo ) has several good moments , but occasionally just seems to be there .
there are very few exceptions to this rule , and texas chainsaw massacre : the next generation is not one of them .
`who framed roger rabbit' won 4 academy awards including a special achievement award for richard williams for animation direction and creation of the cartoon characters ( williams and his teams went through the film frame by frame and hand drew the cartoon characters in ) .
ellie's strong scientific basis essentially makes her an atheist , a belief likely influenced by the death of her father while she was still quite young .
more humerous are the claims to the immaculate conception of darth vader , no doubt a concept stolen from the christian faith , except there will be no christmas to celebrate the birth of this dark emissary of the force .
this is the first blow of the 47 ronin .
the animals are a delight , and what brief time their interactions take place brings the only humor and fun to a rather bland presentation .
he said that he would finance the soundtrack from his own money and asked to submit tracks for it to him .
jay underwood , as the stalker , turns toward melodrama a bit too much .
at the party , cynthia's pretense that hortense is her factory co-worker leads her to ever more convoluted lies , as agonizing as they are funny .
thus , the movie was easy to digest .
for example , early on in the film , hauer physically assaults two drunken rednecks shooting at " his " birds .
grady , rather chivalrously if you ask me , resists the charms of hannah for sara gaskell ( a droll frances mcdormand ) , who is his age , but also married to another professor .
eventually the pacing rapidly increases , but the amount of genuine interest does not .
what this movie needed was a good swift kick in the pants .
why any of these people had anything at all to do with this movie beats me .
sigh , how trite .
and paul's nihilistic sister jumps in the race as well , for personal reasons .
the bank robbers are setup and caught in the act and the mob boss is convinced coyle did it and gives dillon the contract to take care of his friend .
now here's a movie that gives you exactly what you're looking for , if what you're looking for is kickass action , a palpable good cop/bad cop story line , some hardcore stunts and jet li slam-dunking everyone in sight !
there's a lot of blood and a lot of beheadings .
he was great !
watching some of the cinema patrons around me collapse with laughter made much ado about nothing a very weird movie going experience .
the two performances -- part of a great top-to-bottom cast -- are effective and connected from the start , yet the script's apparent sympathy with the marital horror stories ben hears makes it difficult to enjoy the romance completely .
director mark waters keeps the show's energy level high and lets the leads sling zingers at each other at a furious pace .
on the way they get sidetracked to a planet called tatooine , where they meet the movie's real focal point , young anakin skywalker ( jake lloyd ) .
both are good films , perhaps for some of the same reasons .
there's a scene early on in " jawbreaker " where a character utters the unintentionally prophetic line , " that is * so * not funny " .
any of these characters could be the killer -- or for that matter , could be the next victim .
during the second act of the film , some of the fun was beginning to slightly dwindle due to so much death , which was beginning to undermine the humor , but it eventually recouped itself with a climax that has to be seen to be believed .
one , these characters have very little to say that's engaging or interesting .
spielberg at time takes us inside the heads of these individuals as they face death during the horrific battle scenes .
the last time i remember a film so clever and compelling was when i watched the usual suspects .
and then there's the special effects .
dead-bang marks the motion picture debut of tim reid ( " wkrp in cincinnati " and " frank's place " ) , but his talents are completely wasted in a cliched and contrived role ; he plays the chief officer of a squadron of black cops who help beck to nail the villains .
while fingal's body is lost , the fat man tries to stop him from hacking the system . . . with
it's gonna stink ! ) , or the director ( who ?
an omen of what is to come is provided by the pre-credits sequence , a dull affair featuring a confrontation between a man ( it's difficult to give a better description since no mention of him is made elsewhere in the movie ) and the assassin of the title .
many scenes seem to exist merely as a reason to outfit zeta-jones in extremely tight-fitting clothing .
the budget of this movie * could * have given us over thirty movies ; it could have paid for six years of a prime-time sf tv series with expensive fx work , or ten years of an sf tv series with good digital fx .
earl brown--miles away from the cameraman in _scream_ ) .
the gangsters mike plays against are the same ones that might kill someone for scratching their car , but when it comes to the game of poker , all respect is due to the winner because he is truly the better man .
apparantly money talks .
but after countless searches in laserdisc stores , i could never find it .
so , how does the story go ?
the acting on everyone's part is great , especially that of sir alec guinness's .
additionally , the use of the surveillance cameras and laptops to track nathan's every move is downright unbelievable .
and uses quite a bit of obscenities doing so !
maybe the finally scene is a bit much , but it still has a believable atmosphere to it .
one of his customers is antoine leconte ( oded fehr ) , a successful gigolo .
jude law gives the most complex performance of the film with the most disturbingly realistic character .
one such incident proves one too many for wife miranda ( sally field ) , and she files for a divorce .
at this point , seth is left with the ultimate choice ; continue with the american dream and make millions or tell the authorities that something fishy is going on .
as for schneider ( whose character is downright annoying ) , there was nowhere to go but up after surf ninjas , although he's still in the depths of the comedy ocean after jumping the " snl " ship .
but too much tries to happen in each frame , and the result is a movie that leaves you exhausted rather than exhilarated .
any good shrink will listen to what his patient has to say no matter the subject because any good shrink will learn a great deal about his patient that way .
a . ) mr . leonetti should go back to lighting , in my opinion .
sandra hess ( playing the sonya blade character ) is particularly execrable , especially in scenes where she tries to convince us that she loved johnny cage ( a character from the first movie who gets greased at the beginning of this movie ) .
the cast of voices is most impressive , and also includes such noteables as sandra bullock , jeff goldblum , danny glover , and steve martin .
if he was such a nice guy after all , he should have changed his ways long before this .
at first glance , you might think emotion is lost in the ending scenes because you haven't gotten to know the characters well enough to sympathize - then you realize that just might be the point , and then you do feel the pain .
the restraint is admirable .
this realist tendancy can be inspiring at times , as 1993's schindler's list shows .
warning : anyone offended by blatant , leering machismo had better avoid this film .
? they do what they do--sing some catchy tunes--and they do it pretty well .
most all other films we normally classify as science fiction , or sf , are really just fantasy , action or horror stories set in a futuristic setting .
it really is an exceptionaly well-made film .
there are many other little issues that mr . henslowe encounters , but they all pan out to be much ado about nothing .
tina ( torsten voges ) is so tall her face doesn't fit on the screen , and ruth ( amy poehler ) has tourette's syndrome and shouts obscenities without warning .
but i had preserved a little spark of ope as i entered the theatre .
it takes the best of the first film and kicks jurassic dino butt in its fun , frolic and fast pace and is the best mainstream thing out , so far , this summer .
luckily she's on the tv dancing so we get to see her .
this movie commits the biggest sin a horror film can commit--it's not frightening .
he's hired by a rich elderly woman to solve a mystery .
and now , " starship troopers " director paul verhoeven adds one more image that will live in our memories forever : doogie houser doing a vulcan mind meld with a giant slug .
palmer is determined to get hackman's next project made , so he sets out to convince big star martin weir ( danny devito ) to star in the movie , bringing along down-and-out horror actress karen flores ( rene russo ) , who has already had affairs with hackman and devito .
just tell us it's the future .
from here , it's the standard boy-meets-girl , boy-loses-girl , boy-drinks-entire-bottle-of-shampoo-and-may-or-may-not-get-girl-back story .
it's stylish in a hugely self conscious way which throws in split screen , a pointless parody of " cops , " characters walking into the flashbacks of other characters , and a hilariously cheesy airport meeting between prinze and stiles where all the extras move in fast motion while the couple moves in extreme slow motion .
but in the end , he even loses the respect he had among his underworld friends as a standup guy , as he wrestled with his code of honor and lost even that battle .
okay , it's an interesting topic , but it's not handled greatly .
him onto a steel platform to do battle with some generic , ugly henchmen , instead of shooting him at point blank rage with one of the many guns on board the tarantula . )
but to get rid of the queen , he needs to get rid of the loyal army ants who would be willing to die for her .
meanwhile , cusack meets a business partner ( catherine keener ) , in which he falls madly in love with her .
it all adds up to a supremely far out trip , and given the choice i think i would rather live in the matrix's virtual world . . .
ingredients : neophyte lawyer , legal situations , corrupt insurance company ,
this is the fourth in the gigantic film series and the second from director joel schumacher .
to briefly summarize the story , jinn stumbles upon skywalker in an attempt to buy parts for queen amidala's spaceship which was damaged in efforts to free her from the federation .
rush hour is just the sort of film you'll get a kick out of on any night of the week .
i wish more films would take on issues of faith and morality in the modern world .
unfortunately , huge portions of the movie are insulting to the intelligence of anyone with a triple-digit i . q .
i feel this film had alot going for it .
when stu spots monkey bone ( whom he really can't stand ) he tries to keep him under control .
gloria , directed by respected director sidney lumet and adapted by steve antin from the 1980 screenplay by john cassavetes , was not screened in advance for critics , almost always a sign that the studio isn't behind the picture .
it's really gory , and a few of the scenes have interesting camp appeal ( the director , john bruno , worked on a lot of cameron's films ) .
the spanish government ?
what makes matters worse is that smith goes through the role with such self-assurance in his eyes ; you can practically sense his contentment with the fact that he knows wild wild west will be a huge hit at the summer box office .
it features a moses who , in the interests of making the character more human , lacks any divinity whatsoever , which isn't convincing at all to anyone who knows who god is .
starring jet li , bridget fonda , tch ? ky karyo , burt kwouk .
eric stoltz stars as an american in paris who gets in * way * over his head when hooks up with a band of nihilistic bank robbers .
the two films came out within two years of each other and both were directed by the same man , john frankenheimer .
unlike most movies of this genre , there actually is a story .
firestone was aggressive , questioning the doctor about what his children thought .
but the backbone of the story is the love one .
that someone friendly is her dubious companion and security guard , ted pikul ( jude law ) .
the best aspect of animation is the fact that the characters aren't limited by gravity .
too bad , they might have provided some energy to this mess .
if the reply is julia roberts you probably assume it was something wispy and light , a sylvester stallone movie and you picture a bloodbath with few words and much involuntary bicep flexing , and a woody allen movie means hyper articulate white people ( usually of the jewish faith ) fretting about in some upper east side palace .
the film does an excellent job in establishing its atmosphere during the first act .
rea , the accomplished irish actor most notable from his star turn in jordan's " the crying game , " contributes a restrained and managed performance as da brady , a small town drunk in an unnamed irish community in the 1960s .
oooh . . . scary !
giant robot footsteps are deep and booming .
do they even have the right man ?
he takes the corpse and soaks it in bleach , then suspends himself over the body and jerks off while watching a video tape of the drowning .
an interesting premise of loser comic book characters .
maybe he should consider a change of work : steven seagal , the character actor !
delpy's previous credits include such memorable ventures as krzysztof kieslowski's white and richard linklater's before sunrise .
when we finally lay eyes on bulworth he is morosely weeping in front of his tv , having gone without food or sleep for days .
the differences in the way their characters were presented is significant .
our heroes are given subtle introductions ( we're not expected to know them on the outset ) , and the film explains enough of the story that prior knowledge of the series isn't required to understand the film .
if that were true , i could put a banner at the top of my site that reads : " shay casey : seeing bad movies so you don't have to . "
pornography , in the abstract , is anything which is calculated to appeal to the baser instincts .
now how or why mr . bean is sent on this trip makes no sense , and i can't even describe how the film explains it .
love and death on long island is a comedy , and a very funny one at that .
hmmmm , now think hard here , boys and girls .
most of the concepts of this movie are based on recent discoveries in genetic engineering .
director nicholas hytner is guilty of encouraging day lewis' foaming-mouth fervour with shots where we stare up at proctor as if he was mounted on a pedestal for our admiration .
that girl is pretty darn smart for guessing how it was spelled ) .
he secretly is told by his commanding officer to find furtwangler guilty .
eventually , quaid kills cohagen , turns on the reactor , saves the planet , and goes away with a beautiful girl , just like the guy at rekall promised him .
the movie also reminded me of affliction , as the lead characters all seem to be hoping for and seeing a possibility to lead a better life than their father , and they see a chance for such a dream to come true .
the script is this film's weakest link - it's telling that most of the ( few ) laughs come from old-fashioned physical slapstick and the sight of beatty in a bear suit .
when salva made " powder " ( 1995 ) , the story of an albino boy with supernatural abilities , disney studio executives claimed that they did not know about his prior conviction as a pedophile .
it's actually three movies in one : a political film , a boxing film , and a love story .
however , there are still a few occasions when he allows things to proceed just a step too far .
it must be tough to be a mob boss .
species ii opens with the mars mission , and the space scenes are remarkably unconvincing and hokey-looking , even splicing back to dated , grainy footage of actual spacecraft activities -- they really skimped on production values this time around .
synopsis : retiring detective jerry black ( nicholson ) becomes involved in the case of a murdered girl , and promises her parents that he will find the killer .
at one point , you can even see the pores on his face ( although , i doubt ants have pores . . .
frequency is no exception , the ending is unpredictable and incredibly satisfying .
ben kingsley , john goodman and greg kinnear all fare well in their performances as well , and linda fiorentino . . .
i'm not sure if silvio horta wrote urban legend before or after the success of scream , but i'm guessing after just because it seems he may not have had time to write a second draft .
no one knows who the son of sam is , and no one is safe .
after the press screening of " moulin rouge , " i stood in the lobby of the theater listening to the reactions of my friends and colleagues .
the only one to escape relatively unscathed is giovanni ribisi , who plays the resident crazy man , ultimately being the only thing worth watching .
charlie , who first welcomed her uncle's visit , begins to feel more and more uncomfortable with him and suspicious of the disingenuous magazine reporters .
hayek is an energetic , talented young actress , and does almost nothing here .
learning tricky techniques to deceive innocent people into buying shares of a good in production , seth figures this is too good to be true .
if you wanted to see all three , you had to go to the movies three separate times .
with a half hour ( if even that long ) remaining , director william ryan and writer john hughes ( yes , john hughes of '80s youth films and _home_alone_ ) finally approach something close to a point .
if you don't enter the theater with jedi-size expectations , and you simply want to be treated to an enjoyable visual spectacle , then this is your movie .
however , he's a socially inept being , and eccentric in every possible way -- this fact certainly makes his talents as a private eye even more bewildering than they already are .
so i was pleasantly surprised that to find that this movie wasn't bad at all .
i laughed at all these .
before she can use the information , the government decides to push her car off the road .
of course , really , this is the story of restauranteur brooke daniels .
take , for instance , how our heroes move around .
.
note : some may consider portions of the following text to be spoilers .
of course , the movie was made eleven years later , the gibbs three have become the lonely hearts , peter frampton is the one and only billy shears , and aside from being about a rock band , the story doesn't correlate to the song at all .
okay , here's the deal .
this movie possesses that same quality that makes pixar studios' animation great : precise and unwavering attention to detail .
anyone with a weakness for doo-wop , neon , motorcycles , rainy streets , the el , studebakers , gang pictures , lonely heroes , and a great-looking gal giving the microphone both lungs will eat this movie up .
could it happen in the real world ?
the killer's nickname in the press is the blue blood killer , because he preys on older rich socialite women , and he's played by william baldwin ( this is not a spoiler ) .
okay , maybe not so chivalrous .
they do have an internal rhythm to them .
it's just too hard to take ( especially for over two hours ) .
one day , nello encounters a mysterious , yet kindhearted artist named michel la grande ( played wonderfully by jon voight ) , who tells the boy to keep drawing from his heart , and that perhaps one day he might land a career in being an artist .
plot : a rescue crew of astronauts is sent down to mars in the year 2020 , after an unknown energy force leads to a loss of contact with the previous gang of space aviators to visit the red planet .
he just tries to feel the way you or i would , if we suddenly found out that the whole world was watching us .
when an emergency mini-sub is explained , you know what's going to happen .
i walked into the film knowing little about its history and wondered about its odd mechanical pacing .
frankly , it becomes a little less than exciting to see them try to get kiss tickets about halfway through the film , when a total of eight tickets have already graced the boys' hands , only to be lost because of their sheer stupidity .
for years the seven big companies knew that they dealt in an addictive drug that caused a host of unhealthy side-effects .
smaller objects can be hurled high into the atmosphere and then be kept aloft by the updrafts for surprisingly long periods of time much as hail and chunks of ice are .
i want to be able to see the impossible , the all might " what if " to many reviewers have seen one to many movies !
nothing wrong with most of the cast , either .
the movie begins with a plot involving some military types attempting to train aliens to do their bidding , but once the creatures break free , it is once again ripley and a ragtag crew ( this time a bunch of interstellar smugglers , including tough waif call , played by a game winona ryder ) trying to exterminate them .
in fact the only thing remotely connected to the ocean is probably tap water and the toilet flushing ( not that this literally happened in the movie ) .
and yet , amidst all of these qualms and flaws , " pretty woman " is an astoundingly charming motion picture , and it is definately easy to see why it became such an overnight sensation with moviegoers .
in addition to deriving the formula for energy and the theory of relativity , albert invents surfing , bubbles in beer , and the electric guitar .
are you sick or something ? '
my guess is that someone was asleep at the wheel .
i'll even go so far as to say that a vacation is a necessary part of doing any job well .
because of that , almost everything in this film looks different , and in most cases better , than it would have looked in the real life .
trouble arises when jackie is stopped by atf agent ray nicolet ( michael keaton ) and taken into custody for possession of narcotics , as well as having more money than is allowed in an airport without being claimed .
no pun intended .
you'll have much better luck finding a good spot to surf in wyoming than finding entertainment in meet the deedles .
the narrator states that " this is the story of daryl gleason " and tells the audience that he is the stalker .
the considerable charm of the two leads is thoughtlessly wasted , along with whatever promise the film initially contained .
notting hill is nonetheless enjoyable ; on the visual side of things , i especially appreciated michell's playful changing-of-the-seasons number .
while disney tried valiantly in many ways to break with some of their firmest traditions , they end up failing on too many levels .
for film makers , gore is one of the two weapons they have at their disposal in a stale , fright-free horror movie , as stephen king once said ( again paraphrasing ) " if you can't scare your audience , gross em' out , if you can't do that , make em' laugh " .
don't be fooled , this movie has a big story .
the winner's name rhymes with 'smocky' .
out of the cast , only dennis farina seems underused as karen's ex-lawman father .
penny does about a minute and a half of the detective work her character did every week in the cartoon .
just when we think visual effects can't be improved , along comes a film to show that they really can and should be .
you did it once and now you=92re going to do it again . "
he is stragely unenthusiastic ; his character is one who spreads hope but his performance is lifeless , hopeless .
rather , it focuses on the relationship between a father and his son , who he is trying desperately to shield from the horrors of their situation .
confession time : i have never , ever seen gone with the wind .
his moves look every bit as good as they ever did as he fights four or five nemesis at once on bamboo scaffolding , on the tail end of a yacht , in a hong kong massage parlor and , for the finale , in a las vegas casino .
the murders and attempted murders in that film were vivid and scary , but trey callaway's derivative " i still know " screenplay makes the fisherman just as dumb as his pretty potential victims .
is it fair for me to take the review and turn it into a comparison of pulp fiction , just because quentin tarantino directed and wrote the screenplay for both ?
sorvino gives a riveting , touching performance in a banal movie ( i'm tempted to think that i liked her because nearly everything else around her was inane ) ; her character is affecting and her emotions true-to-heart .
there is no humanity at all to her character as she single-mindedly strives to recreate darren into her mind's image .
yelchin is very good as bobby , finding a good mix of innocence and resignation .
york is by turns hilarious , menacing and tragic .
too excited to pay any attention , the hapless losers' plan goes awry when the dog escapes and returns home .
however , the slight bitter aftertaste i have with this film has to do mainly with the film's manipulation of the audience .
christian duguay's direction is also not that great .
it is bad enough that mr . m doesn't like tracy's determination to win at all costs , but did they have to throw in the student/teacher relationship ?
as a result , " get carter " amounts to nothing more than a flat thriller , bereft of clever moments and devoid of any excitement .
dennis quaid makes a fine hero .
what she sees in that freak marilyn manson i'll never understand ) , only to find that she has hospitalized king's trainer for sinclair .
i once read about if you had a choice to be in a movie , which one would it be , and a women said casablanca .
i think it's fair to say that " wag the dog " underachieves a little bit : more attention to the public reaction and tighter plotting might have made this into a four-star film and a classic satire .
for me , its not the movie as a whole that's enjoyable , but rather several individual scenes : a karaoke jam at steven's apartment , a medieval fight at a theme restaurant , and a bathroom beating ( a la liar , liar ) , just to name a few .
for plot porpoises , this story works as well as any three stooges short .
keep this fact in mind , cage is trusted with an important case , which he solves .
the unknowing star , who is terrified of aliens and being abducted , is brought to believe there is actually pod people after him .
don will accept any decision gal makes from " yes " to " certainly . "
verhoeven's slam-bang , in-your-face style of direction proves neither arousing nor erotic .
although qt's touch is evident in nearly every frame , go is entertaining enough to forget about the similarities and just enjoy the rollercoaster ride .
he's played by peter fonda , in his first major role since the terrific ulee's gold in 1997 .
macdonald and chapelle are veterans at these kinds of movies but devito made the film much worse than it already was , gross out humor is certainly not his forte .
colqhoun barely escaped becoming an hors d'oeuvre himself .
the captain of the tug , played by donald sutherland , makes irrational choice after irrational choice leaving the audience wondering as to how he has survived long enough to reach his age ( looks to be in his 60's ) .
harold pinter is amusing as harry's uncle benny , who pops up throughout the story in a number of creative ways .
bostock is away when giles arrives , but the wily englishman manages to befriend ronnie's supermodel girlfriend , audrey ( fiona loewi ) .
he races off to mail the information , but is killed in a reckless car accident .
on one of the heists , they kill a bank officer who pushes the alarm .
even the enigmatic sphere is still mysterious when the credits roll .
they're mostly right , except that johnson ( will ) wasn't a good enough actor to carry it off .
one slight problem with the film was the difficulty to comprehend the dialogue , since it was spoken in old english .
kate winslet , in a pre- " titanic " performance , is brilliant , nailing every psyche of her character , and creating someone who's troubled but very seductive with her personality .
the performances of all the principals are right on the mark , particularly john goodman as the schlock master .
early on in the movie , a number of scenes occurs in a courtroom .
there is nothing spared in nyc from fire bombs -- including the subway , churches , and luxury buildings .
no filmmaker deconstructs a story as well as atom egoyan .
it's great that beatty isn't afraid to let loose on a subject .
ll cool j's cook role as preacher , does for this film what steven seagal's cook could only dream to achieve in his two under siege films .
and this is the best type of inspirational film ; the one that you take something with you .
wow , hand this fella some major props , as he totally becomes this heavy metal geek/god ( incidentally , metal god was the film's original title , and a much better one if you ask me ) .
but this stuff is routine -- good sets and music are nice , but there's a lot more that needs to be here .
the supporting cast is here to move things along efficiently .
the animation , while not up to disney standards ( what could be , after " tarzan " ? ) , is good enough to make you forget you're watching a cartoon .
equally tenuous is its other running joke , which involves one of his friends ( guy torry ) who constantly complains that everyone is treating him too nicely because he's black .
commendable is the exceptional performance of billy bob thornton , whose portrayal of the simpleton brother was masterful .
supergirl emerges from the bottom of a lake when she arrives .
the next day , he shuns his prepared speech and instead raps to the suit-and-tie fundraisers .
iguana comes into focus .
brooks has five days to convince two judges that he's worthy of passing on to higher plains of existence .
so , nobody talks to him , except waitress carol conelly ( t . v
by underplaying truman , he allows the subtle manipulations of the film to take over .
dano is quiet and at first glance seems so withdrawn as to be transparent .
but with veterans doing this kind of junk , it really questioned whether their other work was as funny as originally thought .
it tries to make us swallow things that a better movie would be stopped cold by or just plain omit entirely .
p . s . personal note to p . j . gladnick : how dare you call this film the worst film of the year .
as rose and jack race around the doomed ship , looking for shelter from the freezing water and cal's fiery temper , winslet turns in a superb acting performance , mixing courage and compassion and anger with sheer shrieking terror .
now known as verona beach , the capulet's ( led by sorvino ) and montague's ( led by dennehy ) are now rival corporate dynasties .
whatever .
is it really as good as i think it is ?
the situation is so terrible that it's physically painful to watch .
are talking trash about them .
our heroes then decide to journey through the mountains to find the survivors , and colqhoun tags along to help out .
all the " conflict " is clumsily delivered in excruciatingly obvious exposition in the opening scene ( which rips off orson welles and robert altman by utilizing a long opening tracking shot ) during which the characters repeatedly tell each other about things all of them should already know : " jim , it's too bad you can't go on this mission because you were determined 'psychologically inadequate' because your wife died right before you were to go on the mission together " -- does anyone really talk like this ?
that extra motive doesn't make happy gilmore a funnier movie .
here's a film that could have been a fascinating 2 hour plus film about the tragic people who went there to party , and had to wakeup in the 80s when things like diseases , economy problems , and perhaps worst of all , reagan , all hit and forced everyone into a rude awakening .
its darned funny in spots , particularly in the men's room scenes , which demonstrate the lengths to which guys will go to hold a conversation while engaged in the most basic of bodily functions .
but it ultimately seems like a showcase for fans of the game so you can point out things like " there's chun li ! ! "
i'm amazed that someone thought this was a story that must be told on screen .
he even manages to use the kid in a sort of con game to get the attention of a beautiful law office worker ( joey lauren adams ) , but , somehow , he also garners the attention of social services , who aren't particularly pleased with coufax's actions , as he pretends to be his roommate to keep the kid .
they even throw in the middle aged wife's fantasies about a male counterpart at the party .
they get transported to a blade runner-esque world lead by king koopa ( dennis hopper ) .
she is on the run ( from who , i'm still not sure ) , and has to save her pod by playing her game with " someone friendly " .
such is the result of an insulated upbringing .
the movie starts out as a typical slapstick farce with benigni's guido arriving in the small tuscan town of arezzo in 1938 to fulfill his dream of owning a bookstore .
it also seems that melvin will never change .
did they owe the director a favor or something ?
it's a long way to go for one line ) .
the problem with the film lies with this as its centerpiece , as love interests are such a character driven element .
except for a scene of two fully clothed men kissing .
varsity blues stars james van der beek , this week's teen tv star making the leap to the big screen .
for a writer and director of horror films , supposedly an expert on horror , it is a very bad mistake to make .
we roll over the hills into the town of savannah , then zoom in close on a red sports car speeding over a bridge while its driver chatters oblivious on his cell phone .
this picture did not do very well in the us box-office most probably for the dread-factor impact it has on most audiences ; people will not see it again and not many would recommend their friend to watch this .
( to wit , its ridiculous villain so badly wants jim west out of the way that he . . . drops
despite everyone's reluctance , the jupiter 2 spacecraft abandons planet earth and makes its way into the vast eternity of space .
and with the simultaneous re-appearance of his best-friend from high-school and object of his unrequited love ( tim dekay ) , now divorced with two young sons , the fact of his homosexuality must be faced .
streets of fire bills itself as " a rock and roll fable " , and the description is perfect .
the special effects , especially for its time , are wonderful and realistic .
some comments collected from friends :
but the human race doesn't have much to worry about .
now that's funny .
the latter two were the second and third installments of a trilogy starring the delightful team wallace & gromit , a man and his dog famous for getting themselves into increasingly peculiar adventures .
i've been a horror fan since i was eight years old , and to this day i have not seen any horror film cover the intellectual ground that this film covers .
ustinov is enjoyable as the cranky grandfather figure , and james cromwell is sincere and effective as a wise priest dragged through jimmie's marital adventures .
if you have young kids , beware , as they may be noticeably frightened by the visuals of a corpse-rotting rasputin zombie , whose body parts continually fall off in a disconcertingly real way .
it's all been a dream .
in the original , it was with vicki .
often reviewers will recommend that you skip mediocre films and wait for the video .
the movie is entertaning mainly because of clubber lang's over the top performance .
tectonic plates is an incredibly painful motion picture experience that nearly prompted me to walk out 20 minutes into the movie .
ignore the gaping holes in the plot ( how , exactly , if the villain's legs were broken , did he escape from the secret nazi base , and why didn't he take the key with him ? ) .
i'm sorry folks but this is completely unnecessary , ridiculous , and hurts the story more ( if that is still possible ) .
and they keep babbling about " girl power " when they should really be talking about " cleavage power " .
just how great are their hormones raging ?
" evita " deals with the rise and fall of eva per ? n , a woman who captured the heart of the nation after marrying juan ( jonathan pryce ) , then died at the young age of 33 , creating an international stir of mourning not unlike that of princess di ( the two do share a bit in common , although it wasn't like di slept to " the top " ) .
the technical limitations faced by spielberg in 1975 may have actually produced a better film because it forced him to rely on traditional cinematic elements like pacing , characterization , sharp editing , and creative photography , instead of simply dousing the audience with digital shark effects .
the only real virtue of dead-bang , believe it or not , is don johnson , who tries to overcome the limitations of the movie's pitiful script .
barnes is more pragmatic : he needs a last name because he can't put in his report that they made contact with an alien named jerry .
mimi leder is a natural at creating suspense .
as a result , we are saddled with an idiotic good guys/bad guys story that effectively ruins any potential that the flood tale could have had .
.
only paul d is suspicious of the stranger .
i was very impressed by his performance , and within minutes of the start of the film , i had forgotten all about his good-guy persona .
the plot is completely different from the game's plot- i'm not complaining about that .
the couple ( robin williams and nathan lane ) are about as archetypal , or as the less kind might put it ? stereotypical , gays possible .
ritchie's girl ruby ( jennifer esposito ) is trying to escape a reputation as a slut .
when the fa family is served notice , it is the elderly father , fa zhou ( soon-tek oh ) who must answer the call , as there are no other males in the household .
after a visit to a german commandant's office and a moment alone with a turned-on radio , jakob learns that russian troops are quite near .
the plot is a joke , feeling like it was pasted together by someone in post-production who dropped each scene on the floor and pasted them together quickly so it could be released on time .
the story in itself is not exactly something very exciting and also , the acting is only at most , average by most commercial standards .
just because a movie is tame enough for kids doesn't mean that we have to bow to a " promise keepers " notion of who's the center of a family .
she responded with her usual query , " whose in that one ? "
fast , cheap & out of control contains a multitude of parallels and tiny intersections , culminating in what feels like an elegy ( the film is dedicated to morris's late mother and stepfather ) .
shaw delivers the story in one long take , and it is the best acting in the film .
herzfeld does answer all the questions in the course of time and pieces it all rather neatly in the last five minutes .
it starts off telling chaja's story of how she's a lost jewess trying to find her identity , then to her nanny role as she loves a mute child stuck in an insulated environment , and then it makes it a story about the lingering effects of the bitter past that can't be forgotten .
the special effects are outstanding , though ( warning ! )
jean-claude's acting abilities don't seem to be up to the usual lackluster standards in this movie .
the dude is a simple man who has never quite made it out of the sixties .
this brings us to hong kong director kirk wong's first american feature , the big hit .
de palma and mamet wanted to combine action with a thought provoking plot .
if either west or bruckheimer were interested in genuine tension , they might have done something with con air's creepiest set-up .
crosby is special to me personally because she was tasha yar from tv's " star trek : the next generation . "
the plot , for what it's worth , has all the characters from the game ( in this case , the names from the game are used as aliases ) meeting in an isolated mansion to confront mr . boddy ( lee ving ) , the man who's been blackmailing them all .
he and oldman's archetypes match up perfectly .
i've said so much and yet i haven't even touched on the specifics of the film itself .
like all movies of this nature , one of the chief pleasures is trying to guess whodunit .
and the finale's a real treat as well . . . chan
nice try , but i don't think so .
" placid " claims to be a " horror/comedy " -it's directed by the same guy who did " house " -but its attempts at humor are actually less funny than deadpan seriousness of " anaconda . "
like a foster mother with a fussy child , sean knows that the attacks are defensive and is able to take them in stride .
no , no , and no .
the face on mars , which turns out to be a giant metal thai buddha head , looks cool .
many quality family films have been made with a non-traditional family structure ( fly away home comes to mind ) to much better effect .
returning headlines michael madsen ( who reprises tough guy press lennox ) and ms . helgenberger do what they can with this goofy screenplay , but there's realistically only so much one can do with this script as a basis .
both movies deal with desperate men who have trouble relating to their current lovers because they are ( ab ) using technology to be with former lovers ( in strange days , the technology utilized recorded dreams rather than virtual reality ) .
the experience is liberating .
sweeney ) .
i did .
richard linklater's " slacker , " made in 1991 for a budget of only $23 , 000 , immerses itself in the twentysomething , college-town culture of austin , texas .
it's difficult to fathom such insipidness unless you actually watch this film .
in the beginning of the movie , stephane is a closed , solitary individual and the audience is carefully left to wonder about the depth of emotion behind this enigmatic man .
and there are some nice touches .
ultimately , there are lots of attractive corpses .
he meets the show's other characters , which include jesse ( joan cusack ) , his cowgirl sidekick , the wise old prospector ( kelsey grammer ) , and bullseye , his trusty horse .
but in the end , u . s marshals suffers from an overwhelmingly lack of excitement .
. "
now , instead of awkwardly seducing the sweet dora , he constantly reassures his son that everything will be all right .
personal , because his niece is one of the victims .
still , i found the cable guy to be a worthwhile venture ; if you're at the video store and can't think of anything to rent , i suggest you try it out .
as with all thing's involving the devil , you can expect nothing but the worst .
for ever , i sat in anticipation for a decent climax and that's what i got ?
or that the cavemen become such expert pilots in seven days that they can easily down the advanced alien ships ?
the relationship between the friends , two failed boxers who must face off against each other in the ring for 50 thousand dollars , is very confusing for a number of reasons .
miriam margoyles , a virtually unknown actress was astounding as juliet's nurse , even though she was never given a name .
in the rock , cage appeared to be having the time of his life jumping into the action fray for the first time .
in a hollywood film , you can bet that sub-plot would be turned into a stream of slapstick comedy and crazy misunderstandings .
it ends with the same results that happened to hubby number one , as its story of ambition and lust winds down in a whimper .
it offered no blair witches or sixth senses ; the best big budget hollywood could do was an efficient x-men adaptation and a flawed but entertaining shaft update .
to add to this we're shown this motley crew that at times seems to be highly skilled in specific fields , and at others seems barely capable of basic tasks .
`come on i saw a movie just like that on monster vision last week .
it's not so much that the movie swore nearly constantly ( and i mean constantly ! ) , but it swore so much that it seemed overly prominent and way too staged .
cinque and friends have landed a ship on the shores of america after escaping spanish slave traders , but since the americans don't speak cinque's language , the black men are hauled into court to determine whether or not they are legally slaves .
and no suspicious minds either , folks , cause i got stung by this movie , i mean it really shook me up , and unless you're the devil in disguise himself , i think you won't be able to help falling in love with this lucky charm either .
earth's mortal warriors , under the leadership of the benevolent god , lord rayden , includes liu kang , princess kitana , sonya blade and jax , who must fight against outworld's forces .
he reads to his riders , and once a year , with their help , he tries to stage one of the author's plays .
the cartoon figure mr . magoo , the bumbling blind man , can be quite funny , but only in small doses and only within the confines of animated images .
he observes what it might be like .
beyond all the irreverence , " shrek " actually has a message : people should learn to look beyond physical appearances , because true beauty lies within .
one of blossom's henchmen steals a few moments of the show as a quirky gunman reminiscent of val kilmer's doc holliday in " tombstone " .
committed to lifelong learning through effective communication
this is the only way i can fathom how 20th century fox hired jon amiel in order to direct this eighty million dollar waste of my time ( not counting the time it took me to get to and from the theatre ) .
the story , then , is basically an eccentricity , but it's a clever , astute eccentricity , perceptively zeroing in on the modern mistrust of mathematical reductionism ; in an age where a dominant societal phobia is one's individualism being replaced by a series of numeric identifiers , max's all-consuming penchent for numbers at once creates a lingering , unsettling mood .
etc . etc .
" what a great movie , " exclaimed one gent at the urinal , " everything was so true ! "
that's the essence of big daddy .
of course , it helps that kaye has an actor as talented as norton to play this part .
and banish this nonsense to where it belongs .
you should have heard the old guys in the crowded bathroom following the " odd couple ii " sneak preview .
the reader may remember the unfortunate cow in twister .
elmore leonard has quickly become one of hollywood's favorite authors .
the film starts off with five friends leaving their homes in los angeles for a bachelor party in las vegas .
unless i was mistaken and the film's real aim was to make us cry over simcha .
leguizamo farts green mist , munches a pizza slice covered with maggots and even dons a mini-skirt and performs a cheerleader routine , all before turning into a giant grey demon .
the biggest change is that , with sophisticated computer animation , we now can have films show off special effects without being at all entertaining .
somehow , i would have expected a more frightening tale to emerge from something with this kind of premise .
iron monkey is at its heart a hardcore , kung fu action film rather than any kind of drama a la crouching tiger .
this is overlaid on a cool jumpy credit sequence with interesting distorted clips from the movie .
clooney , who has had a string of solid , but never stellar , film roles , delivers his best performance to date .
he's another one of my favorite characters in the film .
because you picked _today_ to clean up ? "
character development is thin .
park , lord , and screenwriter karey kirkpatrick realize that an audience does not need a parody shoved in their faces before it's understood , and as a result , " chicken run " is filled with visual and verbal jabs that are never too obvious , but not quite vague either .
one thing that's been bothering me since i've seen it .
in 1968 chambers makeup was a jaw-dropper .
so . . . it was good ! !
will zoolander ever grace the world his new " look " ?
i felt i didn't just see a movie , but i attended a lecture for the whole 100 minutes of this serious but unappetizing story .
it is no wonder why so american children grow up with no engrossment for art or literature .
dora ( fernanda montenegro ) sits behind a make-shift desk at rio+s major train station .
but , on the other hand , since when do really bad slapstick ( a fistfight in the delivery room culminating in grant's head in joan cusack's lap--a scene he paid $60 to have included in the movie ) and obscene double entendres ( robin williams , the obstetrician , tells grant's pregnant girlfriend she has " a big pussy , " referring of course to the size of the cat hairs on her coat , but nonetheless , grant paid $60 to have the exchange included in the movie ) pass for comedy ?
i stopped thinking about the story when i realized it didn't do any good to think .
carter finds out that his brother was involved in some bad stuff with a slimy porn king played by ultra-cool , mcqueen-esque mickey rourke , a multi-millionaire computer geek ( alan cumming ) , and a strange foreign guy ( michael caine ) who speaks in riddles and talks tough .
it doesn't poke fun at the lifestyle , it simply uses it to all it's comedic capacity , just as love , sex , marriage , birth , death , and anything else has been .
let me rage here just for a minute .
sydney lumet is the director whose work happens to be of varied quality .
hell , i'm all for the occaisional gravity defying flip kick and whatnot , but not when it happens every few minutes , and is done so poorly .
--- a rapist ( matt frewer ) responds to supergirl's ( helen slater ) query as to why she's being attacked , an example of the mind-numbingly bad dialogue in supergirl .
_beloved_ ultimately tells the story of sethe's search for forgiveness , one long-hampered by an unforgettable sin .
gibson=92s character is an all-american hero with a few flaws .
capsule : the verma family is having a wedding and all the relatives will come for the multi-day festivities .
many thought the final chase scene went on for too long , and many others thought that the film was too much dialogue and not enough action .
christopher walkin is probably more noticed by his voice , and so many people will remember him from such hits as batman returns .
woo finally broke through and made " face/off " , but it still isn't up to par with his earlier films .
i believed his performance , and i could see why forlani's character would fall in love with him .
otherwise you'll find yourself sneering at you every time you pass a reflective surface , for weeks .
having said that , the show itself is outrageous , funny , and always filled with goofy surprises , as opposed to this film which features no laughs ( is this a comedy or a drama ? ) , uninteresting and completely unbelievable one-dimensional stereotypes , and a contrived plot which bores us stupid all the way .
martin scorsese , another italoamerican moviemaker , confronted that perspective with his own , more down-to-earth vision of mafia in 1973 mean streets , movie that dealt with lower echelons of organised crime .
willis' character , art jeffries , is a disillusioned fbi agent who has been removed from undercover work and is now doing menial tasks like listening to wiretaps with rookies who are happy to be doing anything .
rather than attempt to adapt mr . magoo to a non-cartoon movie , nielsen makes the strategic mistake of trying to literally be a human version of the cartoon .
nick nolte is delightful as the uninhibited lucky , and he manages to deliver some of rudolph's most pregnant lines with practiced ease .
i disliked that movie quite a bit , but since " practical magic " is even worse , that can only give you a taste of what a talentless filmmaker he is .
i suppose deep rising's gallery of grotesque images represents fun stuff for those who love the macabre , but it doesn't do much for me .
he and his partner , charlie ( edward asner , tv's " lou grant " ) , get stuck on a street that's rapidly turning into a river .
deep impact begins in an unnamed year ( the year varies ; advanced technology sets it in the future , but fire in the sky is showing on a local movie theater , pushing it back to 1993 ) .
better not tell terence stamp about stallone ripping him off .
it still remains serious , and it does not overdo itself .
more than a silly-sounding mouthful to blurt out to the ticket vendor , this horror sequel's moniker also contains a grievous oversight that anyone who saw the original will be able to spot : what " you " did _last_ summer " you " actually did the summer _before_ last summer , and since " i " knew about it _this_ summer as well as _last_ summer , it's really illogical to say that " i " _still_ know what " you " did _last_ summer .
she changes , too , from a girl in crush to a woman with divided loyalties .
the amistad is boarded by an american naval ship and the revolutionaries are put on trial in connecticut for murder and piracy .
then hilarity ensues .
he grooms himself , he does the laundry , he goes shopping ( " i bought some milk , eggs , and fabric softener " ) .
ghosts of mars takes place entirely at night and is filmed almost entirely in tones of red , yellow , and black .
initially beau's the typical sullen teen .
the reasons for why he becomes a skinhead are believable -- his father was arbitrarily killed by a group of black men .
synopsis : shrek ( myers ) is an ogre living in contented solitude deep in the heart of a forest , until his home is invaded by fairy tale creatures fleeing the rule of the evil lord farquaad ( john lithgow ) .
corey yuen directs the film with a maturity and a sense of pacing that has been lacking in hong kong movies as of late .
i can sense that she's honing in on her skills , for she comes off more natural here than she has in any of her previous ventures ( not that stone gave her much help in the loathsome u-turn ) .
because so many outside factors come into play in the film's plot and significance as part of a trilogy , and just considering modern society , it again would be difficult , if not impossible to simply review the film as a completely autonomous story . ]
well , the cheesy films being advertised before tracks of a killer were films that no one has ever heard of starring people no one knows , and they all looked bad ( definately not a good sign ) .
but this film is far from bad because it at least embraces the spirit of sheer fun at the movies .
the community , protected by an overworked dam , is being evacuated as the rain continues to pour relentlessly from the cloud-choked skies .
emmerich should have done away with 90% of the humor and in-jokes and played this one as a straight action film .
there's always a new way to tell it , with new lovers , new chemistry , and new details , but it's the same story .
and then it hit me . . .
an adventure story aimed primarily at children , the movie is smart , zippy fun .
synopsis : a humorless police officer's life changes when he befriends a super-smart , super-adorable golden retriever named einstein and a cute , young blond scientist .
it's just the music .
lambeau ( stellan skarsgard from breaking the waves ) , a math professor , learns that the janitor ( will ) is a genius with a special talent for advanced mathematics .
there's the expected amount of toilet humor in " deuce . "
we learn about the root of the smoldering resentment between gladys and hy , and are told the reasons why emma stays with her husband and sophia is so irascible .
from the fascinating beginning to the risky yet surprisingly satisfying ending the film just doesn't get boring .
the last of the three top-billers is william baldwin , but it is fairly hard to say if he is good or not in the picture , since he has nothing to do .
that's the kernel of it , anyway .
come to think of it , perhaps this element is what accounts for this film's success over any of the other jackie films . . . it's
not really .
that very evening , the couple is married and fall madly in love soon thereafter .
tectonic plates is trying to show that human interaction is as volatile as unpredictable as the shifting of the earth , but it takes one-hundred minutes to get across this transparent point .
there's a scene late in the film in which shane confronts julie black , and , in the next scene , they're arm-in-arm without a bit of development .
madonna's character is accused of forcing sex on the old goat when she knew darned well he had a heart condition .
the story , replete with sublte religious and philisophical undertones , is about a man who discovers that every day of his existence has been televised for a mass audience .
the father's arrival disturbs his precarious balance , causing an oedipal conflict which ends--freud would be pleased--in violence and , as a result , freedom .
norm macdonald stars as willard filmore , a hard working chauffeur who just wants a little respect from his rich , old , insidious boss , miss crock ( elaine stritch ) .
or more the point , anyone that allows him to bask in his own less-than-subtle presence .
it's mean-spirited but fun to read , mostly on account of nobody else in hollywood having the balls to say anything remotely negative about anybody else in the business ( including michael jackson , o . j .
laura dern ( jurassic park ) lends a strong performance in the role of the history teacher , giving the boys the support and guidance they need .
you bet .
he gets the best scene in the film ( and one of the best moments of all recent movies ) when he reveals his identity to commodus in the colisseum .
i especially liked andy dick's complete make-over as the masseuse .
alas , urban legend succeeds only at the latter , though not by intention .
the obvious answer to this question is cardboard , because that's the depth of the most fully- developed character in this painfully generic creature feature .
for children , it offers imaginative visuals , appealing new characters mixed with a host of familiar faces , loads of action and a barrage of big laughs ( including numerous gags related to body functions and yucky substances , apparently a requisite in contemporary family films ) .
it just goes to show no actress or actor can pass up a big blockbuster .
it is then that the intoxicated officer makes his move , grabbing for the assailant's gun .
it's as if the director was trying to do one of those classic romance stories that were done in the 30's about tragedy among the gentry , and falling in love with people below your station , and horses .
placed in minnesota and north dakota during the winter , many of the scenes take place outside with long scenes of snow-covered ground against a background of white .
barbara windsor is also funny as harriett the sex mad housemaid and member of the gang , and hattie jacques' small but effective role as the rector's housekeeper martha hoggett is played to perfection .
his best movie was one of the best of 1998 and that movie was entitled " blade " .
after their date , which seems to rather smoothly , things take a turn for the worst at the hands of vincent's high-priced heroin , dubbed a " monster " by lance .
the cinema verite effect is a conceit -- genuine spontaneity is at a premium , and everyone is aware of and playing to the camera ( especially would-be actresses like cindy crawford ) .
each frame is rich with color contrasted with blackness or blown-out white light from windows .
his race is dying of a mysterious blood disease and he desperately is trying to find a cure , the key of which lies in the blood of humans .
the performances are also awful .
this is a film about a women so deluded as to think that her favorite soap opera is reality ( ironically real-life survivor sean kennif has taken a part as a doctor on the soap opera guiding light ) .
just packaged to look that way because someone is apparently assuming that the genre is still hot with the kids .
? with geri halliwell , victoria adams , melanie chisolm , melanie brown , emma bunton , richard e . grant , claire rushbrook , roger moore .
of course she is !
jennifer lopez plays a worker ant who falls in love with weaver , although most people won't recognize her voice either .
and , unfortunately , the film's forays outside the realm of comedy are pathetic .
abigail seizes on this opportunity to rid herself of her rival for john proctor's love , his wife elizabeth ( joan allen ) , by including her among those accused of witchcraft .
but uma makes the most of her seductive character , getting the right point between hamminess and seductiveness .
true , these are two people seeking true love , but you've got mail is more comic and less poignant than its predecessor .
petty tyrant lord farquaad ( take away the " awk " in the middle and you have the basis of a string of impolite one-liners ) owns the land on which shrek resides .
director ivan reitman ( dave , twins ) wisely keeps the farce to a minimum , so the first hour moves slower than you might expect .
so who needs this ?
there are other little problems with the script .
i really liked " antz , " basically because , yes , it is clever and witty and intelligent ( and it has the temerity to take a chance and put woody allen in the lead , perhaps the year's most inspired casting ) , but there was , in fact , something missing from it , and i'm the first to admit that .
i could go on for pages ripping this movie apart , but don't want to bore you too badly .
their tete-a-tete is eerie and menacing , providing a welcome shift in tone and giving buscemi a chance to stand out in a cast with too many villains ( danny trejo , ving rhames and a characteristically reptilian john malkovich among them ) .
neeson was also wasted as the smart , british guy .
the main connection cronenberg shows us that both give a definite rush .
egoyan is a fine , fine , postmodern storyteller , whose work is entertaining , edgy and smart , if a bit too intellectual at times .
she is just marvelous as her hatred towards what she thinks to be an unjust system is expressed .
michael has learned that nick is possibly still alive and returns to saigon to attempt to find him .
pruitt taylor vince is a little more palatable , at least providing a moment of comic relief here and there to liven things up a bit .
beneath a mound of bankruptcy paperwork lies the remains of a former dot-com darling , the company kozmo . com ,
if you look at the films overall concept fairly broadly , the basic idea is quite tangible .
the missing ingredient writer/director : allison anders starring : sammi davis , amanda decadenet , valeria golino , madonna , ione skye , lili taylor , alicia witt
and if you do rent it , don't bother trying to figure out what's going on in the hopes that everything will be resolved by the end .
but there's a bigger issue involved : marketing .
even though stuart little is completely cgi , the human characters and stuart have a nice chemistry together and even makes us believe they really do care for each other .
there are memorable moments like when stern is bitten by a snake , but there are fewer jokes to laugh at in the sequel ( surprise , surprise for a sequel , right ? ) .
for a film which puts its lead character front and center ( mr . gullette appears in virtually every scene ) , pi takes a refreshing and effective approach in avoiding conventional aesthetics ; because of our ambivalence with max , we're not so much avidly rooting for him to triumph with a moment of epiphany as we're following him through this plot with a sense of mixed dread and morbid fascination -- it's more disturbing journey than quest .
he sports the same gorton's fisherman get-up , a heavy hat and rain slicker that mask his identity , but why he's still trying to stay anonymous is a mystery this movie never solves . . .
he is , however , rather pleased at renewing his acquaintance with the mother ( claire benito ) , and , more to the point , her ample breasts .
once again , dreamworks has churned out another average movie .
kinda pretty , short-lived , and pretty much dead .
for a movie character , that's usually a death sentence .
the record shouldn't exist because a ) 1900 never stepped on dry land and b ) the one record that was made on the ship was broken .
anderson's explanation to prove this point is both accurate and convincing .
instead , you become more interested in how the characters get killed off .
she even manages to pull off a potentially disastrous scene where she has to perform a rather goofy rendition of " high hopes " for a lengthy period of time .
we are supposed to be rooting for these creeps .
the jameses and the youngers then join forces to fight the railroad -- by robbing banks up and down missouri , thus cutting off the railroad's financial surplus and playing robin hood to the local people .
just do it !
now he is determined to kill all the visitors at the funeral earlier that day until he gets his money back , ultimately leading to a finale that is less that satisfying .
" toy story 2 " is strong in characterization , and is able to expand on what we saw in the first movie .
the only problem is the bit of typecasting that results from these choices : morse played a similar role in the rock , rifkin played the d . a .
hoping to take her crush to a physical level , kelly seductively slinks into lombardo's house after washing his jeep for a fundraiser , but , the very next day , tearfully admits to her trollop mother ( theresa russell ) that she was raped .
here , we don't even hate the bugs -- what's there to hate ?
holmes , one of the dawson's creek cast ( a show i'm not particularly fond of ) displays much talent here , and despite her largely limited screen time manages to make a three dimensional character and never becomes a caricature .
at least his direction makes up partly for it .
as with groundhog day or pleasantville , while watching the high-concept comedy notting hill one constantly imagines him/herself in the lead ; it's william's ordinaryness that entices the spoiled and bored anna .
how do i know ?
too bad that the rest of the film lacks their level of humor .
the other adults are all notably awful while the younger performers don't fare much better .
" a bug's life " may not be " toy story , " but it's more close than " antz " was .
okay , let me get this straight -- the alien race ( which is never really explained ) is basically sentient electricity .
her connection with powerful david caravan ( pierce brosnan ) would make mirkine step the line between reason and sanity and put in motion whole series of violent and tragic events .
the only problem here is that sandy is about to take her vows to become a nun .
the bars show that tibbs has not been given a fair chance to show exactly who he is , instead others have chosen him as different and dangerous .
the skinheads beat steve , then force him to watch as they brutally rape his girlfriend over and over again .
what does she do ?
oscar-winner hutton's manic mobster is much more difficult to get a handle on .
otherwise , don't get screwed out of your hard-earned money .
the problem with claire . . .
i was surprised to discover a truly entertaining , often hilarious yet also touching little film .
.
what's so moving about it you ask ?
and , and , we must have peoples of all colors , nations , and religions , join hand in hand for one final , hopeful , hug .
billions of dollars have just been allocated by congress to get officially involved in the colombian civil war , by backing a corrupt government ( remember vietnam ! ) with the idea that military might could stop the cocaine and marijuana harvests in that country .
meanwhile , ben's 14-year-old daughter wendy ( christina ricci ) continuously lures mikey and his younger brother sandy ( adam hann-byrd ) into sexual explorations .
the rest of the movie involves ewan mcgregor's eye character following ashley judd around to every corner of the united states , totally and completely obsessed by this woman from afar .
unfortunately , by making battle realistic irvin made it somewhat less attractive and his sloppy editing also didn't help .
there are a few chuckles in the film , the best being the scene swiped directly from bananas .
people who supposedly loved the same land and the same god found themselves in bitter conflict , as the country divided into factions fighting in the streets : indian and pakistani ; muslim , hindu , sikh , parsee .
i love the guy .
topping it all off is latifah , also a singer , who is quickly turning into a respectable actress herself , and has a juicy , natural supporting role as , in some ways , judith's role model .
one night , a brash american rooster flies in over the fence , calling himself rocky ( mel gibson ) , famous flying rooster and circus performer .
well , it's just lovely .
clue is an unfairly ignored comedy , very similar to 1976's murder by death .
20 minutes later - " oh no , we're going to hit the oil tanker ! "
my response would be that anyone who has seen alan arkin in wait until dark , henry fonda in once upon a time in the west , or anthony hopkins in the silence of the lambs should have guessed it .
j . langer ) , who unfortunately happens to be the beloved stepdaughter of the overprotective park ranger captain douglas pine ( john ashton ) .
for the blissfully nasty , disjointed and underrated " mars attacks ! "
that brings fbi on the scene , and agent mayberly ( michael gross ) is supervising the manhunt .
in a truthful climactic scene set in amy's apartment between she and virgil , sorvino proves to be one of the most gifted young actresses around today , and has a flare for both comedic and dramatic pieces .
geordi laforge ( levar burton ) , lt . cmdr .
the actor who played scott cooper in this film , mark-paul gosselaar , is best known for having played the character of zack morris on tv's " saved by the bell " .
some people simply call it " trash " .
it means that if his father forbids him to shoot rockets on company property ( that is , the entire coal-mining town ) , he must walk eight miles one way , just to set up the rockets , which will fail , fail , fail , and fail again .
he , of course , goes along with it .
bordering of parody , shaw plays quint as a grizzled old loner whose machismo borders on masochism .
you know a movie is bad when a dog outacts all of its human counterparts .
with the success of the surprise hit alien , directed by ridley scott , a sequel was inevitable .
jackson teams up with tarantino again , but the chemical reaction isn't as awesome as the first time .
mrs . pascal , played with devilish wickedness by genevieve bujold , tells her son .
overall an experience which is not to be missed because of the very fact that it's predecessor almost command a viewing of this inferior successor .
probably not .
but then dixon's crack team of homeless commandos bust him out of the lockup - and suddenly magruder finds himself , mallory and his own children in danger .
kara uses it to create a bug-like thing which immediately crashes through the layer of " whatever " that protects the city .
abberline , a widower , has prophetic dreams he unsuccessfully tries to quell with copious amounts of absinthe and opium .
gus van sant ( drugstore cowboy , my own private idaho ) direction is first-rate .
when he sets out on a documenting mission , this question becomes very clear from the start .
one vaguely redeeming quality is that the end credits succeed where the rest of the film failed : it made lost in space look cool .
sheen's cappie is almost too good to be true , but sheen makes him beleivable , especially when he explains the reason why he protects lucas .
while christoff's plans to keep truman in do get increasingly silly , they never go over the line , which would have been easy for niccol to do .
the supporting characters are almost all sketchily written and less-than-gratifying , and the screenplay is no award winner .
he sends his most rabid henchman don logan ( ben kingsley ) to fetch gal .
daylight is a great disaster movie .
a little while later , grace asks bobby to kill jake .
perhaps this last scene was the problem .
that we felt as we did is a tribute both to the film and to jim carrey , who has achieved legitimacy at last .
concurrently , his friend james carter ( chris tucker ) arrives on the island for some much needed r&r and expects his friend to spend some time and show him the sights .
" american perfekt " is a waste of time .
it is not a great plot .
his main argument is , that this is what the public wants , they don't want to hear about how some animals had to die because of these experiments , they just want the benefits of science .
although the plot proceeds with a convoluted , game-like structure , it uses a denzel washington-supplied voiceover to overexplain matters .
there's an edginess to some of the sean/will therapy sessions , and the offscreen chemistry between matt damon and minnie driver ( who became romantically linked while making this film ) translates effectively to the movie -- the will/skylar relationship is electric .
and potential violence is the premiss wargames is built upon .
i guess the public school system is still setting dubious standards for its students .
he is pure evil .
we get steals from russ meyer movies , where everybody in town is horny and sweaty .
jackman looks dour through most of the proceedings .
not everything works .
the film , despite critic's declarations of it being a " triumph of the human spirit " , is no such thing ; not in my eyes , anyway .
his fellow reporter is the british michael henderson ( stephen dillane ) .
salvage rights of the officers who captured the ship ?
you'd think outtakes would be inappropriate in a holocaust documentary , but they're not bloopers .
the director , spike jonze , who appeared in last month's three kings really catches my attention with this project .
i'll instead suggest that the mpaa re-evaluated their evaluation criteria .
he overacts a little , but not so much as to be annoying .
gilbert gottfried's character serves as one in his very brief appearance , asking for explanations as to what is being said .
he refuses to do so and instead announces who he wishes to be .
in the end , the name of the game was profit , and if you couldn't make money , even the dreamers got the axe .
( alyson hannigan's perky music student is the only memorable female of the bunch . )
but then , he was a poor guy himself before he married ( as mentioned later on in the film ) .
tom everett scott ( that thing you do ) plays the lead like he's in a made-for-tv movie .
mercifully , the filmmakers opted not to do nudity .
" and the frogs shall come up both on thee and upon thy people , and upon all thy servants . "
what's even better is the film's puzzling message . . . am
breakdown , then , is something of a surprise .
the other actors , particularly jacques nolot , are excellent too .
he tries to offshoot this with flashy camera techniques , but pretty soon this has no effect on the audience , and i quickly got bored .
i must say , matthew broderick does not stroll through inspector gadget as he did godzilla .
overall , then , total recall is a hugely violent , yet hugely enjoyable , action fest , with a reasonable plot thrown in there too , some great bad guys , and some imaganitive death .
lacking the strong characters seven featured , 8mm ultimately becomes uninvolving plot wise , and relies on the graphic scenes to provide any entertainment .
they announce a plan called " ark , " which is their only hope for survival .
the ending is pure hollywood ; no surprises there .
still it's an honest and captivating - a solid piece of movie making .
if at some point during hudson hawk you make the assumption that things couldn't get goofier , you'll soon be eating your words .
i give it a 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a 0 on the -4 to +4 scale .
the plot involves the evil shadowloo organization run by m . bison ( raul julia ) .
leo unknowingly discovers a comet , and his teacher sends a photo of the unknown object to an astronomer , who then is able to determine the correct path of this distant comet in about a few seconds .
perhaps " knock off " 's most intriguing credit is that ron and russell mael composed the frenzied music score .
it's silly humor , but it's also so dry , subtle , and intelligently done that you're not insulted by it .
dan's wife is vain , manipulative , and jealous so we can write her off as a bitch .
she speaks all her words in almost zombie-like hushes , and when she's having sex , she has a blank look on her face , not showing the viewer whether she's enjoying it or not .
you don't want to be like mike .
too much time is spent with the boring shane , and too little is spent on the club floor , where all the action took place .
the location settings are gorgeous and there is a healthy sprinkling of t&a ( with angelina jolie providing the " t " and antonio banderas the " a " ) .
i also really liked the soundtrack and the pace of the film , both of which zipped and zagged , and established a nice rhythm to it all .
his jimmy has the dead eyes and demeanor of a kid who knows that he ain't going anywhere , ever .
* = poor show .
after he got released from the mental institution , he created a mobile business that attracts thousands of customers through the internet .
but it sounded promising : the same tag-team of star will smith and director barry sonnenfeld , who both contributed to make men in black such a financial success , is at the reins again .
i have yet to read sebastian junger's the perfect storm , but from what i have heard it is an unforgettable tale .
it doesn't seem to know which category to fit itself into .
as a whole , the story survives because elizabeth's struggle is one which deserves attention .
you'd think you'd get the best of both films .
when you leave the theater , you'll ask yourself , too : why would i want any of these jerks to be happy ?
in lucy's world , sex and drugs come hand-in-hand .
in her second return to horror in the last year , jamie lee curtis once again proves to be a strong and resourceful heroine , but that is about it .
hello kids .
one can almost sense the cold .
the film is divided into two sections .
given the mischievous nature of the devil , " bedazzled " has many amusing moments .
as a side note , i don't consider myself an average viewer when it comes to comedy ( not to sound elitist ) -- i find things funny that many do not , and vice versa .
perhaps the biggest contrivance we're asked to swallow is that daniel could make a quick change into mrs . doubtfire in a few minutes .
in other words , she has to be in control of things .
if it is , then the director and writers have made the wrong move , because this is perfectly suited to be an all out action fest .
blink and you'll miss 'em .
hey , wanna cookie ? )
with solid performances , action , adventure , a bit of romance , and great music and animation , tarzan should appeal to the kids and to the kid in all of us .
the final line in the film , spoken by the bratty sylvester , is `if they think i'm doing the sequel for less than $20 mill , they're nuts' .
thankfully , for my sanity , i also saw the film warlock , which undid all the ill effects that i got from this film .
the third member of this anti-family is jane burnham ( thora birch ) , lester and carolyn's daughter .
that should teach us for squishing all those bugs .
smitten with olga larina ( headey ) , he befriends olga's fianc ? , vladimir lensky ( stephens ) , while olga's sister , tatyana ( tyler ) , romanticizing his flippant attitude ( he's a nineteenth bad boy ) , falls for onegin .
and then there's the next morning .
truer words are hard to come by .
the makeup team is led by rick baker instead of john chambers , who did it for the 1968 version .
because american history x is a mainstream film , there has to be a redemption phase for our main character -- some people may think that this is the only way to make him sympathetic .
gabriela's partner , elena , played by mel gorham , is particularly perturbed by gabriela's wide-eyed fascination , and becomes really upset when gabriela volunteers them to clean up the blue blood killer's latest scene - they're the messiest , you see .
such personalities as robert duvall , jon favreau and blair underwood cash their paychecks and go through the motions of this dragged-out process .
his brother luke wilson is also an actor , who once dated drew barrymore for a year or so .
i'm quite pleased that there were less car pile-ups , because they meant less music , and john landis seems to have lost interest in the whole thing .
and now we have katzenberg using an entire movie to attack his former employer .
try to see how many " inside " connections to the king you can guess .
there was the unforgettable jaws .
overall , the big hit may have it's flaws , but it makes up for them in a stylishly directed , gut-wrenchingly funny joyride .
along the way , the merry band meets mrs . delores bickerman ( betty white ) , a weird old lady who lives out on the lake .
as for nicholson , well , even the devil needs a direction to go in , and while darryl van horne is the most interesting character in the movie ( due to the grace of the screenwriter and , more importantly , nicholson's acting ) , he still can't be yanked in one direction and then another without making him a little vague .
the title track , performed by kenny loggins , is upbeat and fun .
the film i saw today didn't even meet those expectations .
however , i can express the most important observation i made of it , i . e .
but hey , i don't want to ruin all the surprises !
again , for the sake of brevity , i won't even get into that one .
the problem is to keep us there .
this time he falls for charms of a wily paramedic , gloria sullivan ( kim dickens ) , who may be involved in the blackmail scheme .
the star ( and a co-producer ) is kevin costner .
why didn't the plan turn around ? ! ?
no no . . .
phew . got all that ?
on his way up the stairs , he tells her that " families suck " and that he hopes never to see any of his family again .
playwright august strindberg built his career on families and relationships paralyzed by secrets , unable to express their longings until the hour is far too late .
someone needs to tell director blanks that things like this just aren't as scary as they used to be .
eager to comply , harry offers what he knows , then starts concocting tidbits to keep the money flowing .
i also would have selected a different band for a concert sequence .
the town becomes silent as the entire population joins in a simultaneous jaw drop .
i'm privy to films about literary types i . e .
what does jack proceed to do ?
and at that point , the only thing i really knew for sure was that the movie was * never * going to introduce a plot of some sort .
but the film is saved with its presentation , as well as some other elements .
only two other intelligent science fiction films have come out in the past two years ( contact and the arrival ) and gattaca will rank among them .
in some greater sense , it must have been what lang felt when he saw his countrymen overcome with unjustifiable hatred towards their own humankind .
the film goes to the extent of putting a shower in the manager's office .
of all the films i've come to see this year ( 1997 ) , i think only chasing amy had as many " laugh-out-loud " moments .
but jokes aside , this is a film that is well worth watching .
my theory is that down periscope is one of those movies that got the green light before the script was even written as a formula comedy ( " okay , it's police academy in the navy with frasier at the helm and the chick from dumb and dumber . " ) and after everyone was signed on turned into a disaster .
with about half an hour to go , a sense of impending doom invades topless women talk about their lives and from there is descends into melodrama .
lee is a great filmmaker , often exhibiting kinetic visual flair on par with brian depalma and martin scorsese and a storytelling ability comparable to steven spielberg .
it is not long before leo escapes with some human and only a couple of sympathetic apes .
when he realizes his colleagues are being shot , he feebly attempts to get out .
i don't think i can recall ever seeing a fish-eye perspective used in any other animated film ( save for _ghost in the shell_ , another oshii film ) , or indeed , in many other movies at all .
little does the family know that beloved will bring about many changes , and force sethe to release a guilt she has held onto so urgently for eighteen years .
the tragedy now is that we won't get more chances to see those eyes again .
it understands human nature extremely well and milks it for every possible laugh and heart-tug .
henderson realizes that he cannot save the world , but he can help a few .
kathy bates plays the film's title character , and gives a sensational lead performance .
when he sneaks on her tv show set and tries to woo her with his musical group and him singing corny love songs to her , the ratings go up and he's hired as a regular on the show .
orville ketchum is also back as ( get ready for this ) orville ketchum ( yes , the same character from number two ) .
but he has given clues that are self-contradictory .
nevertheless , under lumet's direction and walter bernstein's intelligent adaptation of burdick's and wheeler's novel , the film continues to have a lasting effect even after the events on screen have unfolded .
penn's direction is astounding , each frame looking as though it is parched -- of water , perhaps , or of sanity .
surprised , they may have been , when they realized that this picture actually had something to say .
okay , there's the quote in case disney wants to put something in their ads for the movie .
in , " insurrection , " however , it plays like a low-rent episode of the television show , due to the small-scale , generic storyline , and an emphasis on one-liners rather than excitement .
they aren't , either .
she's still in fine form as bethany , an abortion clinic worker who's lost her faith .
" showgirls " is the first big-budget , big-studio film to receive an nc-17 rating .
the coens rejoice in the oddballs of the world , and they put them center-stage to show that it's not just guys like the dude who are nuts , but the entire planet .
theresa russell is just plain wooden .
star trek : first contact ( pg-13 ) anyone familiar with the series of star trek movies knows of the " even-odd pattern " --the even-numbered installments of the series are good while the odd-numbered ones are , well , not-so-good .
most people fit into two different categories : you either love woody allen , or you hate his guts .
the police have their spotlight and guns aimed right on him , and what does connor do ?
,
i'm never thrilled with the idea of a follow-up to a successful original since they rarely meet the previously set expectations .
de !
young einstein is hampered by its lethargic pace and inane plot .
in l . a . confidential , you do not get the shock and cleverness as the former but it has a lot more of `story' going for it .
director jordan's vivid treatment of pat mccabe's nightmare novel produces a sometimes disturbing , dark comedy littered with surreal touches ( such as sin ? ad o'connor playing the virgin mary ) .
that's not to say the movie isn't funny .
an online convenience store stocked with ice cream , porn videos , and other basic necessities of a urban dweller , all hand-delivered by couriers within an hour .
the problem with this film is that it has at least three characters serving as comic relief , with rick occasionally delivering his witty one-liner .
he brings a mysterious , yet gentle performance that makes us all feel good again when he reassures insecure nello that he * can * win the contest .
thomas kretschmann is chillingly effective as alfredo , and marco leonardi ( of cinema paradiso , and possibly the most gorgeous looking man in italy ) does okay as anna's work colleague and increasingly confused love interest .
failed to really get the joke .
in the weakest chapter of felix's road trip , titled " my cousin , " he meets a railroad worker ( philippe garziano ) and has a brief sexual encounter before heading off , once again , toward marseilles .
charlie's angels starts off with a bang and ends up being a soggy burrito left out overnight .
it's truly a great example of film making at its finest .
the film is dated badly , as many things that are supposed to happen in the " future " never do .
as the bond between bobby and ted deepens , bobby becomes privy to ted's great secret , an event which will change both of their lives forever .
she nearly commits suicide on the ship , but jack comes to the rescue , saves rose , they fall in love , and cal gets jealous and eventually tries to kill them .
wild wild west is poorly-paced bombast , full of doa gags ( ted levine shows up as a general who uses a gramophone horn for a hearing aid ; levine played buffalo bill in the silence of the lambs-he's too intense to get an intentional laugh ) , lousy special effects ( the bluescreening is amateurish-foregrounds are never proportionate to the backgrounds ) , and frequent illogic .
what a load of old cobblers .
x-mozilla-status : 0009f words for a holocaust documentary , but some of the interviews take place in europe in late spring , when skies are blue and trees are green .
based on the late 1960's television show by the same name , the mod squad tells the tale of three reformed criminals under the employ of the police to go undercover .
unfortunately " occasionally " and " sometimes " don't make a film .
in " spice world " they ride around in their big tour bus , whining about having to do photo shoots and give interviews .
ironside is superbly evil , with an utterly emotionless face .
michael lehmann's action-comedy was quick to win the title `biggest box office flop of all time' , or close thereof .
nothing in this movie makes sense .
a quick mental calculation told me that combination could occur in 1945 and then not again until 1951 .
let me backtrack a minute .
and then there is a happy end which , like in 'dark city' , completely alienates it from the rest of the story and context .
but i know that's bunk-you're going to see whatever movies you want to no matter what i say .
here are a few features that make this film such a charming little package for everybody during the holiday season :
renee firestone ( one of the five ) spoke on camera with dr . hans m ? nch , a german doctor who ran the medical clinic at auschwitz .
to this end he is enthusiastically assisted by his equally underachieving twentysomething actor friends , such as trent ( vince vaughn with the film's most animated performance ) , who has the gift of gab bordering on the disturbing side of motivational speaking , gun-toting sue ( patrick van horn ) , and rob ( ron livingston ) , who once played hamlet but now longs to work as goofy in disneyland , but doesn't succeed because of his lack of " theme park experience . "
mirren's performance is one of the very few delights in this distressingly hollow black comedy that goes down like a flat soft drink .
even worse fate awaits those who were unfortunate to grow up in those dark , god-forsaken places and later forced to live forever traumatised by the experience .
other characters along the way offer observations about everything from dating relationships to the history of anarchist philosophy , while groups of pseudo-intellectuals kick around ideas about the nobility of sitting around and doing nothing or the subtle bribery-based morality in " scooby-doo . "
woo is a spontaneous , energetic young woman who has been looking for love in all the wrong places .
with a running time of less than an hour and a half , raimi gets away with the impossible , making a horror film with more gore than plot and intentionally more laughs than scares .
? there are a few slow segments , but overly , director bob spiers keeps things moving at a quick pace , with plenty of hummable spice girls songs in the background .
thus when she is found murdered late in the movie , neither stanley nor his daughter are allowed any time to grieve .
if disney decided to do a zany comedy caper about the unabomber , atkins would probably be a perfect candidate for the lead , but he doesn't cut it here .
carol , however , begins to grow suspicious that henry may just be faking it after all .
there isn't a single conflict that takes center stage , except that shane has some kind of unexplored reservation with the business in which he works .
campbell is a talented actress , but she needs a role that gives her a little depth .
as the second protagonist , spacey measures up nicely .
and did i mention that courteney cox looked mega-hot in the movie ?
the heroine is an attractive , carefree , nonreligious 20-year-old , chaja ( fraser ) , who wants to forget her jewish roots by getting involved in student demonstrations , screwing a student rebel leader , and living with her gentile friends away from her nagging mother ( s ? gebrecht ) and her self-absorbed , eccentric father ( schell ) .
there's even a daily behind-the-scenes update from harry shearer that captures the highlights of truman's existence .
but i do want to say one thing about this movie that satisfied me .
a small band of humans dwell in radioactive caves located in the rockies in fear of the `demons' who dwell in the cities below .
this movie makes computers look a little bit too advanced for their time , and the frivolous suggestions it makes are too many to list .
non-traditional relationships are presented as matter-of-fact .
everyone else in the film seems to be in a competition to see who can stoop to the lowest level by the time the film ends .
and if it wasn't bubble bath , the babysitter would have instantly joined the ranks of our other four- star features , but you settle for what you can get .
in the series of the erotic thrillers that flooded the videoshelves in the early 1990s came this french-canadian co-production by max fischer .
the women move on , but an irs agent ( bancroft ) catches up with them and demands a huge amount of money to cover unpaid taxes .
ripley lives through the crash ; the others do not .
little known facts about this film and its stars : this picture was nominated for eight 1981 oscar nominations , including best picture .
the acting in blade is just about what you would expect from a movie of this type .
i haven't quite yet figured out what i liked so much about you've got mail , but then again , is that really important ?
there's also ( thankfully ) a bit of chemistry between them .
just a selection of crude jokes and repititive double-entendres .
take a look at l . a . confidential , or the film's more likely inspiration , the usual suspects for how a complex plot can properly be handled .
their songs are alright , but they play like lifeless adaptations of the music videos .
rating : four and a half out of five stars for the best movie yet this summer , several jump right out of your seat thrills , many " whoah , i never saw that one coming ! "
hopefully , if he avoids typecasting as weird , quirky loner-types he should earn himself a good career .
many films of the thirties through seventies have aged poorly .
was very little feeling of speed .
when mike gets the gumption to look for love , you will join his cheerleading section as well .
if you can get past the whole comic book thing , you might find another stumbling block in from hell's directors , albert and allen hughes .
he speaks of freedom and acts of vengeance .
but the pacing of the film is lethargic , only coming to a semblance of life during the fight scenes .
advertised as a quirky comedy with hints of action , it turned out to have a suprising dosage of it .
by the time the road trip part of the movie is over with , the film wants to be over .
now ol' kyle can say that he acted in one of the worst of the '90s , too .
sean connery , who won an academy award for best supporting actor in his role , plays malone , an aging cop who decides to make one final run as a member of the untouchables .
literally .
the screenwriters use the right words and phrases to describe the mood , from the smell of the air , to the logic involved in reading the other guys' faces and cards , and all without sounding remotely trite .
for two hours , " quills " acquaints us with the marquis de sade -- and , more frightening still , allows us brief insight into his scatological soul .
that's not jake lloyd's fault , though - he does a good job of being a cute kid , which is apparently all lucas asked of him .
but hey , tarzan's a young adult .
based on the boris karloff's classic by the same name , the mummy starts off with the high-priest of osiris , imhotep , who murders the pharoah for his mistress and is punished by being mummified in the most horrifying way possible -- bandaged up , having his tongue removed , and being covered in flesh-eating scarab beetles , then entombed . . . all while still alive .
if action films are your thing and you don't mind intermittent subtitles , then you can't go wrong with this film .
at first , she's not required to do anything but wear period clothing and look drop-dead gorgeous .
eddie murphy is at his best in the roles of responsible , and controlled people .
one more time , see something else .
the film then neatly loops back for its uplifting conclusion .
as godzilla , the film took on the rest of the world .
so dorian goes undercover as a burger-flipper ; before you can say " with cheese " he falls for the mother-to-be .
she cannot sleep , haunted by terrible memories , often imagines off-the-wall things to try and make the world seem like a better place , and the only place she can really go to feel happy is to hear one of her favorite singers , liz bailey ( queen latifah ) , perform at a local club .
yeah , right .
but above all else , the truman show was a stunningly beautiful picture with humor , heart and scary realism .
to me , that's not a good sign .
someone once said that the key to good art -- good movies , good books , whatever -- is to start somewhere interesting , end up somewhere interesting , and show respect for the audience all along the way .
this is the kind of setting where it's easy to believe that fallen angels walk among men .
it's creating bio-mechanical life-forms to eliminate the human race !
just when you thought you could predict what was going to happen , there would be a little twist involving the characters that would be absolutely wacky .
the two instantly become the best of friends , and it's easy to see why .
filmmaker michael cuesta uses it as a ( pretty transparent ) metaphor of dangerous escape for his 15-year old protagonist , howie ( paul franklin dano ) .
this is a more philosophical approach , reminding about the european way of filmmaking .
" didn't i sound just like a mother ? "
trouble seems to follow the two veteran detectives where ever they go , and in this film , that is no exception .
everything in the movie is so forced , so unauthentic that anyone with an i . q .
is titanic the gone with the wind of the 1990's ?
mean mr . mustard ( frankie howerd ) somehow gets hold of all billy & co . 's instruments , calling dr . maxwell edison ( steve martin with a silver hammer and an out-of-key singing voice ) , the sun king , marvin sunk ( alice cooper ! ) , and a couple of creepy robots to his aid .
his performance is richly textured , making all of the humorous situations he stumbles into radiate with flavor and enjoyment .
right there you have plenty of ammo for a decent cop drama .
so , if robots and body parts really turn you on , here's your movie .
throughout the picture , phoenix manages to give depth to a character who's scripted as a caricature of evil .
after confessing to her mother ( theresa russell ) that she was raped , she goes to the police station , where she tells her story to detectives ray duquette ( kevin bacon ) and gloria perez ( daphne rubin-vega ) .
without an interesting plot , without interesting dialogue , and without much of a reason to care about the characters or the story , snake eyes is a failure on almost every possible level .
kidman's character , vapid though she is , is a sort of suave beacon of success to jimmy and his lost friends russell and lydia , winningly portrayed by casey affleck and alison folland .
fincher knows exactly what to film and how to film it , and i figure that he will be one of the few directors with complete control over his films .
and thurman , in all of her spectacular beauty and talent , can't manage to look at home here .
and then hank azaria shows up . . . aaaaaah , the film's savior ( mind you , some might be offended by his exaggeration of a stereotype , but that's another story altogether ) .
the rest of the cast doesn't fare as well , though .
why is the sarcastic voice of steve buscemi , he of the great twisted face and snaggleteeth , coming out of the mouth of some dreary ken doll ?
he portrays the character as an everyman caught in the middle of extraordinary events .
the sub-plot with a male dancer ( glenn plummer ) who claims to see talent in nomi is just a gratuitous opportunity to let her dance naked a little bit more .
( i felt sentimental about a religion i don't belong to .
the young obi-wan kenobi ( ewan mcgregor ) who has a bad hair day in every scene , gets to kill a bad guy in the end , but lacks a love interest to make him a desirable sort of hero .
the kinky producer ( lance henriksen ) ?
joe pesci deserved his " oscar " for supporting role of homicidal psychopath tommy , and his lines , including ad-libs , probably represent the most memorable element of the film .
the film was practically an empty screen , on which we projected our most frightening nightmares .
this is zemeckis' best since back to the future , and for those of us who actually know that forrest gump was astronomically overrated , zemeckis now has real reason to boast .
fighting back tears was a difficult task that i barely succeeded in doing .
although smalley's dad has always imbibed too much , stuart can still recall times when his father seemed like an okay guy .
it's a difficult role for an adult , much less a young child , to play , and unfortunately hughes never convinces us that he isn't playing like he's autistic .
review by david wilcock ? 1998
as with a lot of the late 70's / early 80's comedies , stripes is a completely juvenile movie only a child would like but is so sex- obsessed no child should be able to watch it .
so much for a message .
the story is based on the exploits of the real terrorist known as the jackal , but does not pretend to be 100% factual .
on that level , the main roles are played by virtual unknowns .
there is just one problem and it is enough to get joe moore ( played by gene hackman ) filmed on a security camera .
it could have been a clever whodunit , but discovering who ultimately was the killer made me just shrug my shoulders .
i suppose this kind of movie was inevitable ; with all the teen high-school angst movies coming out , there was certainly room for a pretentious and laughable movie about a bunch of teenagers who think they're smarter and more beautiful than all the other people on earth combined .
director samo hung ( who has a cameo role ) , a longtime collaborator of chan's , does not waste any time putting chan in action , diving head-on into a wild chase/fight/shootout after a brief cooking show prologue .
after a series of missed opportunities , the comedic part of the movie is over , and it turns into a cheap and maudlin disease movie .
at times , iliff's story does show glimmers of touching or humorous scenes , but , before the audience gets their hopes up that there might be something redeeming in this movie , they get trashed with another lengthy party sequence or overwrought football game .
there+s lousy dialogue about eight-minute vs . seven minute exercise tapes .
i don't know why , but sometimes it's entertaining to see " quality " actors in bad movies .
not just any action sequence would do .
simmons goes to hell and back , after making a deal with satan himself -- if he agrees to command the devil's army to overtake the world , he'll be allowed to return to earth to see his wife wanda ( underused theresa randle ) and little girl cyan ( sydni beaudoin ) .
verhoven has obviously missed that point and this film is a proof of that .
maybe i'm becoming a softy .
the rest of the characters are the dullest people imaginable .
as the film progresses , it switches between ben and katie talking to their therapist , with their stories being told with flashbacks of their marriage .
they're both unbelievably wooden .
he's not much in the way of stature but he has a surprisingly imposing physical presence that works to his advantage here .
verhoeven tries to spice things up by throwing in more satiric news coverage , but the faux-jingoistic scenes of children " doing their part for the war effort " by squishing roaches on a sidewalk aren't enough to make up for the long stretches of sheer dreck .
dick turpin ( sid james ) and his gang which includes harriett/harry ( barbara windsor ) and tom " doc " scholl ( peter butterworth ) , terrorise the countryside by staging highway robberies : " stand and deliver ! "
it usually results in a bad movie , and that's what " supernova " is .
this movie does not let technology overshadow characterization and in this sense it is unusual amongst high-tech movies .
there are no redeeming factors in " knock off " and i seriously hope that every print of this film is burned to a crisp and that somehow my memory of watching the film can be erased .
? suddenly , in the short span of this weekend , bulworth's no-nonsense " truth in politics " methods become a national sensation , and he shoots ahead in the polls despite the fact that he's appearing on television wearing gang clothes and spewing more profanity than coherent sentences .
but then things really get nasty when the landlord exiles nello from his own home ( for not paying his rental ) ? permanetly .
chutes and ladders : the motion picture ? ) is filled with slapstick antics and silly dialogue .
along the way he moves through a good many of the kinds of environments that we are only just now being seen in a more serious light in the movies -- or at all , for that matter : the slums , the missions , the ghetto .
this , of course , puts wayne in an odd situation .
there's even a nod to " the blues brothers , " if you can believe it , and the filmmakers even get in a little light-hearted ribbing at the expense of their star voice actor , taking a couple of very subtle jabs at mel gibson's nationality and film history .
there's a big riot towards the middle of the film which is frightening in its brutality and honesty .
altough , non-fans will only fail to understand certain emotions behind the looks many characters exchange .
it's pretty run of the mill , but it's not something i would say is merely " ok " to watch .
my giant is two movies for the price of one , but neither is worth the cost of admission , even if you get in free .
his journey brings him to rouen , and the film's first title section , " my little brother , " where he meets jules , a young art student who becomes smitten with felix .
and then there's the slapstick fight scene between a sword-wielding rick and an army of mummies .
since twist endings are currently so in vogue , and seeing as how kruger's screenplays usually come equipped with about three twists per ending , i guess it's no wonder why he works so frequently .
it seems like a dream and , when she finds herself pregnant , she almost forgets about it .
is lifted--unauthorized--from bram stoker's " dracula " .
directed by chris nahon .
capsule : an insult .
not necessarily by leaps and bounds , but since they put out a new film each year , a steady rate of improvement is apparent , and this definitely shows in tarzan .
unlike many of his italian colleagues in 1970s , who had used 1930s period setting to explicitly condemn fascism and serve fashionable political agenda , fellini doesn't care that much about politics .
the supports are also in fine form , lending credibility to the main roles and advancing the plot in key areas .
but who cares ?
the same type of opening is present in its sequels .
one thing i noticed about the film instantly was the fantastic special effects .
porter stoddard ( warren beatty ) is a successful architect married to successful fabric designer ellie ( diane keaton ) for twenty-five years .
the rest of the plot is your standard disaster film procedures , but there is one subplot worth mentioning .
campbell's commentary is informative and extremely witty , as he has a story to tell for virtually every scene in the film .
joe's team including bobby blane ( delroy lindo ) , fran moor ( rebecca pidgeon ) , and pinky pincus ( ricky jay ) is going to split up and go separate ways .
the script belabors a red herring , early on , about a second suspect who may have committed the murders for which adam ( atkins ) is charged with .
the mine , which is run by homer's father ( chris cooper ) , is not the place for homer , however .
pull the string ! "
the media swarms , fanatics go further off the deep end , scientists clamor for new information , politicians huddle in discussion of appropriate actions to take , and presidents are morphed into a celluloid reality ( remember when zemeckis couldn't get enough of this in forrest gump ? ) .
plot : james west and artemus gordon are chosen by the president to find the man responsible for the kidnapping of the nation's top scientists , and threatening to take over the united states within a week .
his performance is so subverted you sometimes wonder if he is ever aware the camera is on .
consider this : since july of last year , i've seen dozens upon dozens of " blair witch project " parodies , on television , on the radio , and online .
this is a definite plus .
i'll give cruel intentions credit for realizing its influences , but that doesn't change the fact that it's awful .
in fact , subconsciously , many in the audience are probably glad she was killed .
arriving on the planet , the team finds most of the human life extinguished in a cocoon-type environment .
well . . . a
it only showed me that he was in it for the money and nothing more .
with every good film the audience gains new knowledge .
what an awful note to end on , knowing there could be more of this in a year or two .
they require someone experience with deep-core mining to plant a nuclear missile into said asteroid .
her closest ally is the mysterious sir francis walsingham ( geoffrey rush , in a perfectly subtle performance ) .
it's hard to hold back a smile during a giddy scene where sidney and her companion have to climb over the incapacitated killer in order to escape from a car wreck , and a cat-and-mouse chase involving gale and dewey in a campus sound lab is very nicely staged , although its ultimate resolution is hilariously overblown .
bob the happy bastard's quickie review :
when they become indignant and ask why he's talking to them if he has such a low opinion of their product , he callously admits that it's because they are rich jews .
enter rip torn as the slick lawyer who defends brooks in court against prosecutor lee grant .
i'll be mightily surprised if imitation fight clubs don't spring up here and there , and i'll be even more amazed if fincher isn't vilified for it by the same humorless witch-hunters that are currently after oliver stone .
in the typical lawyer movie there's one big case and the movie focuses on solving it , and somewhere along the line surprise witnesses and motives turn up before the good guy wins ( after lots of gripping courtroom drama ) .
the movie was filmed in texas , and most of the characters have southern texan accents .
james brolin and kelly lebrock seem equally adequate as the loving couple larson will later threaten .
the question now is whether or not you want to be dragged along for the ride through a tedious , meandering yet utterly suspenseless plot with an unlovable hero as your guide .
october sky never resorts to that level , and yet , manages to become a truly uplifting film purely on its own merits .
the film opens , as many so-called " psychological thrillers " do , by posing as a light drama .
where chan comes off as endearing in his " normal guy " character seen in many of his films , van damme just comes off as a wimp .
the strategy of casting young tv stars to draw the youth demographic was given a boost .
the story's exposition takes place at a press conference , which allows the writers to explain what's happening with the least amount of creativity , effort , or interest .
the movie begins like _poltergeist_ , and ends like _the color purple_ , with shades of _the scarlet letter_ and _little women_ somewhere in the middle .
wish me luck .
- has almost a music video inside it of jungle girl playing with animals like chi-chi the leopard .
enter t . j . ( eddie griffin ) , a pimp for " man-whores , " who arranges for deuce to service an assortment of women whose imperfections keep them from dating .
kids will delight in the animation , while parents can laugh heartily at the humor .
after months of therapy sessions in a surreal desert , catharine has no success to report .
the plot is a thin shred that moves slower than a glacier , the writing could have been done ( and for all we know it was ) by a ten year old , alicia is the star and she's still wasted in a movie that has no appeal whatsoever .
i would dare to say it ranks as high as the scores for both " titanic " and " rosewood " as best of the year .
i think the guy is flat-out hilarious .
a life less ordinary is sure to bring about mixed feelings .
the last noteworthy performance belongs to duncan , as the enormous convicted killer john coffey who happens to hold the power of curing the ill .
basil !
fill a room full of greedy people and several million dollars , and you will end up with a simple recipe for a blood bath .
it takes a pretty smart person to do that .
this cremation scene is one of the most powerful and impressive of all the alien films .
otherwise the couple can't make up and live ( presumably ) happily ever after .
after watching the first ten minutes of this japanese film , you will never eat a bowl of ramen the same way again .
but absolutely nothing is as it appears to be in `dark city , ' which is what makes it so fascinating throughout its continual scenes of confusion and vertigo .
in fact , the coach even admits to having fatherly feelings towards him .
and now spawn is present in the grotesque inner city , the ghetto where cog ( nicol williamson ) teaches spawn how to utilize his neat artifacts , his motorbike , armor , etc . . .
peter macnicol and kim cattrall , as an unwilling couple who have adopted sylvester's twin , are both miscast .
it tries frantically to enlist our emotions but it winds up only being dull or sickening .
or can karen straighten out jack before he goes too far in pursuit of just one last crime .
the film ends with the forlorn malka walking atop of jerusalem and looking down upon it as an outsider would , and everything seems strange to her , all the things she once thought of as being set in stone are now harsh memories , as she has made her choice , and the price of that choice is very heavy indeed .
when cusack finally realizes he needs to get a job , he finds an ad for a filing clerk .
latit , her father ( played by naseeruddin shah ) , is juggling many problems , not the least of which is worrying about the caterer has hired pk dubey .
the story of the studio is tragedy in itself : let's look at how it all affected the people .
like good will hunting ( 1997 ) and titanic ( 1997 ) , even though the outcome is completely obvious , as good as it gets is an enjoyable , funny and warm comedy .
crichton's greed forced mctiernan to edit his finished product , which led to a big arguement .
a must see film .
so there you have it .
the visual effects that bring this metallic bug to life are spectacular , seamlessly blending computer-generated imagery with the western surroundings .
in fact , shouts of " egad , man , what were you doing when you worked for cameron anyway ? "
the " horrified " bride dissolves the union , garnering a healthy cash settlement along the way .
prinze plays a college student intent on playing the field until he falls for stiles' freshman co-ed .
talk about whacked-out patriotism .
with barrymore's charm and sandler's heart , it was hard to go wrong .
but before he can do that , he must find a good home for his dog .
is it worth seeing ?
j . t . walsh , as the suspicious internal affairs inspector , clocks in with one of his final performances .
a stupid and incompetent movie that doesn't even have the benefit of being trashily enjoyable .
simon is the smallest baby ever born within the records of the local hospital , and by age twelve he's only two feet tall .
on-screen he hangs out with his friends , picking fights in robust , romanticized-hemingway fashion .
combined with feeling like bonanza : the teen years , this homogenized production ( toned down to get the ever-popular pg-13 rating ) gives us an invincible jesse james that quickly grows tiresome and boring .
the suspense tapers off considerably by the end , a bit of a drawback because of its height at the movie's open .
however , i don't think it should be necessary to read the book beforehand in order to judge the quality of the film .
simple : the characters .
this thing blares in your ear whenever it feels the need to accentuate a certain scene , but actually does little more than annoy .
matthew modine and catherine keener have the most sympathetic characters in the film , but they're stuck in the most boring plotlines .
over money ( how original ) .
fortunately , we get a lot of alfred .
how about giving us different scenes offering further insight into all of the strangeness going down in the movie ?
that exchange isn't actually in " mission to mars , " but i wouldn't be surprised if it were .
that's when captain picard ( patrick stewart ) steps in : he realizes that moving the ba'ku would kill them ( it also helps that he falls in love with a ba'ku woman ( donna murphy ) ) .
nothing about varsity blues is inspired and the whole film simply moves through the sort of conventional motions that coach kilmer would love .
when i heard that john mctiernan , the director , wanted his name kept out of the project , that made me wonder why ?
it is overflowing with style and attitude , which helps make up for the scattered plot fragments that never quite come together in the end .
tim burton's retelling of planet of the apes is more fun than a barrel of monkeys .
just steal from hong kong , the matrix , and a kitschy tv show from the mid-1970s and that's a movie ?
at first you do not know what's going on .
i liked deep rising simply because it's funny -- it knows it's silly and derivative .
the reteaming of director mike newell and star hugh grant is about as far removed as you can get from the lightsome comedy of four weddings and a funeral .
jakob , however , never stops moving .
it is more tasteless than anything i have ever seen , it is more violent and bloody than a r-rated film usually is , and it is offensive .
resentment creeps into jack's heart , made worse by the fact that tyler is also regularly and noisily boffing the hated marla .
but his action scenes are never boring : one particular piece inside of a fruit factory ( a fruit factory ? ) is well-choreographed .
this is done again when the gang meets up with some members of the cattle drive group from the original .
we know that young anakin skywalker will grow up to become the evil ruler darth vader who is also the father of luke skywalker , who will lead a successful revolution against him and his empire .
the audience may find it difficult to care about her , thus discouraging the hopes of seeing her unite with mcgregor after we are immediately sucked into caring about and identifying with him .
and not unlike the worst movie of the year so far , beautiful , this film also managed to feature many unsympathetic , idiotic and just plain irritating characters in its cast .
kruger has obviously never paid much mind to the old chestnut " sometimes less is more " .
but what is the perfect time ?
intrigued by her melancholy demeanor ( and slightly infatuated with her ) , sugiyama signs up for weekly classes at the school -- and , much to his amazement , ends up as attracted to dancing itself as to his young sensei .
with three movies already ( re ) released theatrically in america , and at least three more on their way , jackie chan is one of the newest " hot properties " in action adventure stardom , and it's just about time .
they are likable and impressive when they are showcasing their martial arts and fighting skills , but look extremely awkward and uncomfortable when they are required to actually act .
and if you can't stand them ( like me ) , then " spice world " will really make you sick .
" batman and robin " doesn't merely lose momentum , it stalls out completely on several occasions .
the obvious candidate is the slightly off-kilter professor at the college the girl went to ( none other than freddy kruger himself , robert englund ) , who teaches a class on urban legends .
and , if you haven't had the opportunity , i would definitely recommend that you see it on video .
but when you're waking up from your dream , the real world seems worthless and unreal and all you can think off is returning to your personal paradise .
peter o'toole
after the release of " the blair witch project " , tourists have practically invaded the small town of burkettsville , in order to get a glimpse of the blair witch .
assuring us that , yeah , it sure is a movie , all right !
the tide turned when a former vice-president of one of the companies was convinced by the cbs 60 minutes news team to tell the public how much the tobacco companies really knew about the health effects of smoking .
if that wasnt bad enough , red corners dialogue is purely laughable on many occasions .
we pull back and see that the dark front room's window has it's curtains open .
a car with no brakes speeds through the town , and guido ( roberto benigni ) motions people to move out of the way .
i've always been fascinated with reed . . .
jackie brown stars pam grier , the " blaxploitation " heroine from the 1970's , who is likely to make a big comeback thanks to her role as the title character .
exciting , scary , great special effects ( unlike other summer movies the effects do not take over the movie and are only there when it is really necessary ) and good performances .
why , for every fluid physical gesture , do we also see herky-jerky puppet-style motions ?
she's good too , and together , they make " six days , seven nights " one memorable ride .
for example , james bond gets a sexual reward for winning .
there is something strangely beautiful about every shot in the truman show .
" no : fuck * you * ! " )
the daughter resents her twice divorced , unstable but exotic , schoolteacher mother , bullying her to be an actress as a means of escaping a humdrum life .
and that's * way * before ellen degeneres shows up .
the choice of casting does the film in .
but , can love prosper on opposite sides of the law ?
i predict that it will only do moderately well at the box office .
jerry springer has got nothing on " wild things . "
don't let your impressions of the others detract from the original , which has much more to offer than cartoon slapstick .
my suggestion : disregard the critics .
however , the over-the-top scenes never quite gel with the rest of the film , and they aren't funny enough to stand on their own .
the story takes clooney and kidman across the globe , trying to figure out who has the weapons and where they are going with them . clooney
most notable of all is the methods kaufman uses in order to suggest the passage of time .
when the gallows beckoned , it was sweet release indeed .
witherspoon has a truly beautiful face , but her character isn't the moral staple she's supposed to be : sure , she won't have sex until she's in love ( is this really a * moral * issue ? ) , but she does some things in the last few scenes that are more than a little reprehensible .
with this , star wars is bound to become the greatest tale told in our time .
in wonder boys his performance isn't showy or a tour de force , it's simple yet truthful .
if you are going because of the dragon , you will not be dissapointed , and you will be provided with plenty of laughs that smooth out the boring parts in the script .
this dude didn't seem to give a rat's ass about anyone but himself and i ultimately didn't really care about what happened to him either .
throughout the film , stallone looks like an old guy trying to act tough , while nobody is taking him seriously .
" moulin rogue " is an original , and an original , even a flawed one , is a thing to be cherished .
there's a compelling story somewhere in " spawn " -- including strong religious overtones and the debut of the first african-american superhero ever -- but it's just not found anywhere near here .
( not one of them had watched it . )
however , unlike " rain man " which used its character's autism in unique and interesting ways to build a credible and touching story , " mercury rising " could go right about its generic , predictable plot with simon being simply a really smart but really shy kid .
for example , it is true that a body won't explode in the vacuum of space but in total recall they do .
in addition to those already mentioned , the credits include lena olin as frankenstein's evil shrink , comedian eddie izzard and the fugees' prakazrel michel as disco-themed thugs , singer tom waits as an inventor of superhero weapons , artie lange ( from " mad tv " ) as another thug , claire forlani ( from " meet joe black " ) as a waitress mr . furious is pursuing , louise lasser ( from " mary hartman , mary hartman " ) as the blue raja's mother , and actor/magician ricky jay as capt . amazing's manager .
scream 2 is a slice-and-dice movie for those who don't take their horror too seriously .
but he gets unexpected help from the house itself .
my objections to swordfish are many .
distortion between actual past and its subjective interpretation could be found even in the title of the film - word " amarcord " is nothing more than badly pronounced phrase " i remember " in local italian dialect .
during a pit stop , they get separated from weitzman and are left to fend for themselves in manhattan .
similar cruel manipulations keep him from stumbling upon the truth , not the least of them truman's best friend marlon ( noah emmerich ) , who assures him he's not in on any conspiracy because the last thing he'd ever do is hurt him .
the two quickly decide to hold up the coffee shop , unknowing of what lies ahead .
the two bothers are arrested and held until they manage to escape just before dawn .
it's interesting that , in a subtle way , his parents never noticed him missing because of their deliberate desire to separate themselves from their children .
giles nuttgens ( " fire " ) cinematography , which won the 2001 sundance festival award , is crisp and startlingly clear .
there's a lot to know about charles , not the least of which is that he strangled 3 widows back east .
it is cynthia , a factory worker who lives in a shabby house with her perpetually moody daughter roxanne .
it's cool for a while , then he makes it uneven .
laughs and agatha christie-intense mystery , then yes , this movie would be a disappointment .
however , blackwolf now has a secret weapon : nazis .
also , the near-final scene , in a senate judiciary hearing room is disappointing .
eldard is good in his role , but is limited by the plot .
the scene is two girls have just entered a gun store and have picked out a * really * big gun .
the movie constantly recycles about twenty minutes worth of material to pad the running time out to an acceptable movie length .
in other words , it's a ) really dirty and b ) really , really stupid .
and the two children , paul ( chris klein ) and tammy ( jessica campbell ) , are both students at carver high school .
an awful adventure is not without * some * rewards , tho .
unfortunately , woody's trip is ruined when he is accidentally put into the family garage sale , and is stolen by an over-zealous toy collector ( wayne knight ) .
but other than that ( and some sexual innuendos ) , it's a perfect choice for some wholesome fun at the theaters .
a sensuous romantic comedy , about as appealing as your average lightweight tv sitcom .
sarah michelle gellar , that never-ceasing crusader against never-ending evil every tuesday night on the wb network , here plays a down-on-her-luck chef suspected of dabbling in witchcraft after her flailing restaurant receives help in the form of magically scrumptious meals .
i certainly wish that was a new trend in hollywood . . .
[light spoilers , nothing you shouldn't read]
jeff ( ) is one of those people , who has used the sudden popularity of the small town to his advantage .
argento is once again working in his native italy , and he fully exploits the opportunities to use art and architecture for both symbolic statements and as departure points for several brilliant hallucinogenic sequences .
like most of shelton's other great films ( bull durham , white men can't jump ) , this dud unsuccessfully attempts to use athleticism as a method of connecting characters and creating interesting subplots .
what a woman !
as this film is written by the person behind seven , 8mm is filled with doom and gloom , and no-one appears to know how to use an light switch .
does anyone over the age of eight actually find bowel movements that funny ?
this film , in different ways , also can be viewed as more powerful than others .
to be fair , the first half-hour or so promises at least a watchable thriller .
we're supposed to be on cage's side , because his character becomes nicer throughout the film .
he realizes the relationship would be forced , and they would only be together for the sake of being together .
one night she catches him in bed with another girl and decides to leave for san francisco .
and what we did was sometimes downright nasty , sometimes funny , and sometimes shocking .
but doing the right thing might not result in a better result than something more selfish .
the college's annual writers conference is bringing in accomplished novelists reminding tripp that other people are finishing _their_ books .
even i'm offended by it .
this movie begins sort of promising , but ends up leaving a weird taste in your mouth .
this is never answered , as this film is too cluttered .
max fischer ( _rushmore_ ) is the president of an extraordinary number of clubs , and is involved with the school play .
now she has learned about a law titled " double jeopardy " stating that if she serves her full sentence and get out she could kill her husband and the law could not touch her ( although there has been talk that this is not the way the actual law works ) .
belly-aches , that in some sequences carried over to the following scene .
these are just the major characters .
dogma pays welcome homage to an eclectic batch of movies , including indiana jones and the last crusade , with silent bob doing his best harrison ford , and weird science-a shit demon attacks our heroes !
you'll be the wiser for it .
minnie driver is engaging as always as the sweet , innocent grace with nothing but a good heart to offer .
as always prinze is pretty to look at , but his performance mainly consists of facial expressions : puppy dog love , heartbreak , frustration , self-loathing or determination .
the film also examines the contentious nature of the slavery issue at the time , such that john quincy adams ( and probably other politicians like him ) , who clearly disapproved of the practice , was reluctant to get involved in the case until it was appealed all the way to the supreme court .
in my opinion this kind of movie sex is cutting edge for 1999 , as rare and thought-provoking in american cinema as showing a spanking .
it's certainly fluff , but it's unpretentious , undemanding , and--most importantly--fun fluff that goes down as easily as a frothy pina colada on a balmy tropical beach .
after losing a patient on the surgery table , these questions envelope maggie , and seth , the angel who was there to oversee the patient's transition into the afterlife , is immediately captivated by the doctor .
with " 102 dalmatians , " the disney studios have proven that when it comes to going to the dogs , more is definitely * not * the merrier .
alien 3 has a very distinct look .
it does a great job of setting up jjaks' unstable life , a life which has landed him in trouble for petty crimes and always trying to please his family ; reeves' wounded look is just right for jjaks .
batman ( george ) and robin ( chris ) fight him a bit but find they're growing apart .
simon is intended to be the heart and soul of the film , and we are supposed to feel for him because he is a poor handicapped child thrown into a violent , unfair world against his will , with only a renegade fbi agent played by bruce willis to protect him .
williams , once a " can't miss " prospect in hollywood , has fallen so far out of favor that the best he can do these days for a lead role is a film like deep rising , and his inability to create a charismatic or interesting figure here may sink whatever is left of his sputtering career .
it's full of genuine laughs and won't leave you glancing at your watch every 10 minutes , as " analyze this " did .
although i was only 4 years old when the " twenty one " scandal broke , enough of the 50s icons survived throughout my childhood for me to recognize the authenticity of redford's almost tangible palette .
ryan smoothly moves between spunky and vulnerable , with a sexy touch of winsomeness added to the brew .
" i know you're just a reporter , but you used to be a human being . "
mimi leder , the former er director and director of the average the peacemaker ( 1996 ) , again directs in a ho-hum style , and never really gets any emotion out of a scene , which is a shame .
in benigni's tightly wound script this is the same fascist official with whom guido had an earlier unfortunate - yet slapstick - encounter .
the " quilting bee " consists of seven members : sisters gladys ( ann bancroft ) and hy ( ellen burstyn ) ; sophia ( lois smith ) , a woman known for frightening children ; emma ( jean simmons ) , the timid wife of a perpetually unfaithful man ; constance ( kate nelligan ) , who has been having an affair with emma's husband ; anna ( maya angelou ) , the leader of the group ; and marianna ( alfre woodard ) , anna's daughter .
his son lives with him and works unhappily as a shoe salesman , dreaming of getting rich quickly so he can open a business and marry his long-time waitress girlfriend joanne ( sybil ) .
blossom needs a doctor to patch up gunshot victims that would be problematic at a hospital .
then again , sir roger has assigned the dimwits fancey and jock strapp aswell as the old dithering constable ( kenneth connor ) to keep an eye on their prisoner !
while there's no stopping a kid from seeing something that they want--or disney wants them to--most i believe will be disappointed .
the happy bastard's quick movie review
but i digress .
ingredients : pouring rain , small flooded town , damn about to burst , bad guys going after millions of dollars
but the computerized spooketeria rarely feels real , placing an emotional wall between audience and screen .
a long , dull boot camp sequence follows , enlivened only by an extended coed shower scene where the recruits swap snappy banter as the " showgirls " director's camera roams over their buff bodies .
favreau also doubled as the film's screenwriter , and he proves he has the gift for creating engaging characters and witty banter that goes beyond today's bon mot .
and the language they talk is earth- english .
sean , his girlfriend , his pals , and lambeau all help him grow , but he didn't start out asking for , or particularly needing , help .
unlike aliens , alien 3 requires that you have seen aliens .
wild things is a suspenseful thriller starring matt dillon , denise richards , and neve campbell that deals with all the issues ; sex , love , murder , and betrayal .
edward norton plays flynt's lawyer , alan isaacman .
haven't wanted to check it out on video , haven't been at home the nights it was on network tv , and it was too far to drive the last time it was on the big-screen .
maybe this mission should have been scrubbed
i don't think i need to tell you that a killer hacking people up ala urban folklore is much more frightening than a killer fisherman .
the acting is bland , neither arsenic nor gravy ; the music disposable ; the camerawork turgid .
making a pact with malebolgia , a chief demon there , simmons returns to earth 5 years later reborn as spawn , a general in hell's army donning a necroplasmic costume replete with knives , chains , and a morphing cape .
the plot is pretty much a rehash of the first two films , with some major twists .
at first it looks like she just has to hold out as an unwelcome guest until a company rescue ship can arrive , but it doesn't stay that way .
though the 50s audience that is " rocked " by this scandal may initially seem naive to us , they should appear all too familiar , with our current national passion for the rise and fall of icons like michael jackson or tonya harding .
director luc besson ( the fifth element ) may have co-wrote the script but he never appeared to have a proper handle on the material .
i wish i could accurately describe the theme music for part 3 .
so , they start picking men , and are left without 1 , thus ahmed is choosen .
russell , as mentioned earlier , is very good in his role , and kathleen quinlan is nowhere near as annoying as she was in apollo 13 .
not only does she agree to watch simon while jeffries runs off to solve the mystery , she lets him into her apartment at two o'clock in the morning when she knows the police is after him , and then lets him leave simon in her apartment which means that she has to forgo a business trip that is desperately needed to pay the rent .
" it'll restore a little dignity to our lives , " he says .
his mastery of the man in the suit propelled into desperate action is in top form here .
but the times are changing ; ww2 alliance with ussr is replaced with cold war , and " natural " pilots like yeager must be replaced with more disciplined , conventional pilots .
not one of them is an ounce sympathetic , and as a result , the labyrinthine plot is all for naught .
last time around featured the hootworthy line uttered by forest whitaker's psychic empath character upon entering a bloodsoaked room -- " something bad happened here . "
" it's just . . .
she receives a sudden visit from her father which elicits flashbacks of some tragedy in her early childhood .
when hordes of huns pour over china's great wall and threaten to overthrow the imperial palace , the emperor decrees that every family in the land dispatch one man to serve in the imperial army .
doubtfire seemed ready-made for the same problems , but instead it proves to be williams' best comic screen project yet .
instinct is the kind of movie that inexperienced moviegoers will undoubtedly label as " powerful " or " touching " .
in the process , we see their attitude towards life and other people .
nomi doesn't take advantage of this contact to break into the big-time of dirty dancing right away .
there are recurring and at times deeply disturbing images of suspicion , distrust , and infidelity thoughout the film that seem to indicate a deluded , fractured psyche at the root of all the bizarre goings-on here .
in the film's supposed pay off scene , he exclaims " i was wrong , these are not men ! " ,
suddenly , a man enters the frame and begins to take her from behind ( the film doesnt' show all this though , even if it is nc-17 ) .
what a pleasant main character .
when she finds him , they are left to team up and reclaim the energy formulas from tretiak .
he uncontrollably cheats and lies , then is unable to realize why he can not hold onto a woman .
david uses the same telephone for calling friends as calling other computers .
this element doesn't work the first time it's mentioned , and it becomes increasingly trite with every recurrence .
so again i would like to recommend matinee to anybody looking for a good , humorous story .
their presence adds weight to the story , reminding us that beyond the charades of the leading men , there are real people that have suffered greatly over the politics connected to the canal .
critique : trite , unfunny , boring and a waste of everyone's talent .
animal house takes place at the fictional faber college , circa 1962 , where the omega frat calls the shots .
this independent film written and directed by eric bross has the look and feel of all those other troubled blue-collar youth films that have inundated the market in recent times .
brody , too paints an effective portrait of a young guy desperate for attention who gets a little more than he bargained for .
colonel finn is a man in complete denial .
while we don't see much of her acting ability ( with the exception of a wonderful upper-crust british accent ) , we do get a hint of jolie's less savory side .
of course , a nuclear war seemed to be much more of something that could actually happen back in 1983 .
( opens october 16 )
do not miss this film , it will captivate and astound you .
the film's mild theme of showing squares getting into the weed business and finding it acceptable by the public , something that should have been accepted some 40 years ago , is a theme long overdue for public acceptance , but one that is better received late than never .
this is just as well .
if fincher is the kubrick of our generation , then kret is our d . w .
even that doesn't work and the new judge frees the kidnap victims .
luckily for us all , this mess only lasts about 80 minutes , and miramax honcho harvey weinstein plays a lead-faced detective .
the story is structured as a dream , occurring in the mind of rosaleen ( sarah patterson ) , an adolescent girl about whose 'real' life we learn very little .
i also assumed val kilmer would screw up as bruce wayne .
partridge's young wife linda ( julianne moore ) is getting more and more anxious as partridge dies , but for an unsuspected reason .
a bug's life centers , appropriately , around the life of an ant , named flik .
the slavery issue is easy pickin's for spielberg .
probably not , since it's easy to guess , but i'll go ahead and oblige anyone who wants a synopsis .
during a celebration dinner , marshall announces to the world that he will send troops to fight oppression wherever it exists .
for example , cop john c . reilly is connected to game show host phillip baker hall through hall's daughter melora walters who once went on a date with reilly .
the witty banter they share could be plastered within a hallmark card .
what should be a roller coaster ride with bugs everywhere , tons of gory deaths and some massive set pieces instead turns out to be a rather subdued , almost boring movie which plods along at a very slow pace .
the actor just can't register with such a pathetic screenplay as the guiding light to success .
surprisingly , it works .
? directed by bob spiers .
they make laughter , the toughest job for a filmmaker to do , look easy .
the film was also edited pretty choppily . . . like
having now seen the film , i understand why it never saw theatrical release .
nonetheless , city of angels is beautifully captivating , which is probably enough to satisfy those poetic viewers who will appreciate a delve into rich emotional territories .
the climax of their relationship ( taking place in a transport pod ) is probably the film's biggest forehead-slapper .
as troy , peter facinelli inhabits the most obvious villain in history that no one ever suspected .
with so many characters enjoying so little screen time , the film's 160 minutes can be taxing .
smaller roles , but equally terrific , are handed to jimmie ( quentin tarantino ) , a young married man who gets caught up in some serious gangster business , lance ( eric stoltz ) , the far-out drug dealer , as well as maynard ( duane whitaker ) and zed ( peter greene ) , two hillbillies who are the men " behind " ( no pun intended for those of you who have seen this ) a very disturbing scene towards the end of the film .
i was always on this guy's side and definitely felt sorry for him as things moved along .
with the police on his back for leads , he decides to take a personal interest in the case and he soon becomes drawn into a mystery where all is not as it seems .
here , the best thing she gets to do is fake a romanian accent .
the prison scenes are accompanied by voice-overs in which poe , in a languid southern drawl , describes prison life to his wife back home and offers simple homilies for the daughter he has never met .
the giant is computer-animated , while the human characters are all hand-drawn the old-fashioned way .
the two families spend a month slowly learning about each other .
if only hollywood could produce more movies like this .
for sheer cinematic disaster .
claire is one strained speech after another , written delivered with all of the energy and spontenaity of a dmv clerk .
everything the filmmakers want us to see has some significance - considering how intricate the detail is to every single shot , its lighting , art direction and overall production design , they don't seem to be able to afford any gratuities .
zhang ziyi is a budding superstar .
intelligent writing , which is evident early on , is replaced by hackneyed drivel .
these films always contain male characters i have a very hard time identifying with , probably due to the likelihood that any meeting between them and me would result in my arm being ripped off and then my subsequent death by beating with said limb .
of course , it's meant to be a parody , but there is an earnestness underneath the silliness that makes you take it with a certain degree of sobriety .
if this life form that is so advanced as to be able to create these robotics , should it not be able to create them move faster ?
1996's " 101 dalmatians " certainly wasn't the greatest movie-going experience of all time , but it did feature glenn close in an outrageous , larger-than-life performance .
in this academy award winner for best picture of 1978 , outstanding performances are turned in by all actors , and cimino's brilliant directing provides the perfect vision into the character's lives .
the ultimate punishment comes from mom ( catherine o'hara ) who sends him up to the spare bedroom in the attic for the night .
i've noticed something lately that i've never thought of before .
it's a role that the veteran actor must have relished , because he makes giles an unforgettable motion picture figure , and does so by means of dialogue delivery , body language , and ever-changing facial expressions .
gibson portrays wallace in such a way that the audience cannot relate to him or identify with him .
he went on to comment that he did not like the way the movie changed completely in the middle .
also , there's some funny gags involving product placement and the people who watch the show .
committed to lifelong learning through effective communication
but i doubt you could have expected this .
however , it is a relationship revealed between him and suzie that adds depth to his story .
a . confidential " and " the insider " -- essentially his job is to grunt heroically -- but his voice , which has a richard burton resonance textured by a clint eastwood rasp , is perfect for the genre .
go see it .
the furnace in the basement is a scary monster , the old man next door is a snow-shovel murderer , and two crooks are trying to break into his house .
lucy quit working professionally 10 years ago since she thought she was being " pigeonholed , " and , since her mother has money , we can only assume that that's how lucy supports her habit and procures her living expenses .
when the ship suddenly appears at the point that it vanished at , just outside of neptune , the crew of the ship called the " lewis and clark " has to go to investigate , and dr . william weir , the creator of the " event horizon , " gets to come along for the ride .
he's been working on his second -- a short 200-page piece -- since then .
utilizing the films unforgettable dialogue , the two men discuss such things as hamburgers and foot massages before they bust into an apartment to terrorize the occupants .
so many names come and go with the fluctuations of the hollywood hype machine , but based on his impressive work in john grisham's the rainmaker and especially good will hunting , it is a safe bet that matt damon is one name we will be hearing a lot more of in the years to come .
especially when he resorts to martial arts during the final showdown , and has a fight with willis that would look right at home in a jackie chan film .
end of her for all we know .
you can't really watch these people and not think they're real people !
the best film i've seen all year , and easily one of the best i've ever seen
this landscape is the setting of many small moments that add up to one big whole .
while the two are arguably freaky people , we at least know they love to live on the edge .
" i can talk a man out of blowing up the sears tower , but i can't talk my wife out of the bedroom or my daughter off the phone , " he says .
swordfish plays like a comic book with a larger-than-life character in gabriel .
in itself , i do not believe un coeur is a complicated movie .
you don't have to be as wise as an owl to realize that " the animal " is tame .
" the sound of music " stuff might be a reference to " the wizard of oz " allusions in david lynch's " wild at heart , " but if so joff ? must have forgotten that " wild at heart " was a despicable movie .
teetering on the edge of dementia , he winds up being pursued by two different groups which want to pick his brain , both fronted by deliciously perky , resolutely cheerful representatives with inevitably duplictious intentions .
i feel i got my money's worth .
although geres performance is in no way poorly acted , it is far from perfect  and i look forward to seeing him star with other talented actors that can reduce the need for him to carry a film by himself .
the two look as though they're a couple of coworkers going out to lunch together , rather than a daughter with her mother who just doesn't understand .
how will loveless accomplish this ?
in early 1997 , a special edition of star wars was released .
at any rate , i kept waiting for rita to say something humourous , but she's a walking dress-up toy .
miss one vital piece of information and , like most people who talk during movies , you will go home and tell all your friends how this movie made no sense .
get shorty continues in the vein of pulp fiction , with travolta as crime minion chili palmer .
sadly , however , these two are the only ones who excel .
get carter -- the latest masterpiece from uber-thespian sylvester stallone -- is a prime example of large and in charge 80's action stars trying to fit back into action roles they have long since outgrown .
" the celluloid closet " is a documentary about how homosexuality has been portrayed in the movies over the past several decades .
this film is interesting and inspiring .
proximo ( oliver reed ) , a gladiator who won his freedom , purchases maximus and juba as fodder for the arena .
to round up , the replacement killers is a pretty darned lame first outing for chow .
other impressive set pieces follow , most notably a chase in a mall , which directly leads to some frenzied , if cliched ( can you say fruit cart ? ) , business involving a runaway carriage ; and an extended late-film sequence at a construction site , in which a hilarious pursuit through a maze of blue doors culminates in some exciting fights involving boards , cement mixers , and a deadly buzzsaw .
and while ringwald has been making duds for the last four years , alda has been involved with several noteworthy projects , including crimes and misdemeanors and a new life .
why am i calling this movie pornography ?
by about the two-hour mark i felt the same way .
we see very little but we hear a great deal more and we imagine more than that .
to make matters considerably worse , melvin has obsessive compulsive disorder .
he doesn't actually play happy gilmore in the movie , but a variation of him .
truman is an inspiration to his audience because he grew up to be , well , so darn nice ; like a sibling ( or , perhaps more appropriately , a caged animal in an interactive zoo ) , they want to see him succeed .
and big special effects .
alan ball , who was the co-executive producer of the hit tv series " cybil " and creator of the new sitcom " oh grow up " , has fashioned one of the most insightful and expertly tuned screenplays to have hit the screen in the past ten years .
will pfeiffer realize what a jerk her ex-husband , a drummer for bruce springsteen , really is ( aren't they all ? ) ?
the frat's leaders are otter and boon ( tim matheson and peter riegert ) .
i suspect the producers inserted the women in an attempt to convince audiences that two guys who run around in rubber suits with built-in nipples , shapely buttocks and huge codpieces are actually straight .
otherwise , she is left foundering on a cliched sea of teen-age stereotypes and situations .
now while this may be a compliment for ms . zeta-jones , it certainly isn't for either the writers or the director , who are not nearly as clever as they think they are .
antonio banderas and carla gugino are even better as the parents ; they quickly establish and maintain a great lusty chemistry while keeping their tongues properly in cheek during the action scenes .
if the performances don't bother you , the story will .
things do go somewhat astray during the film's middle segment , which concentrates too much on the main characters at the expense of some of the terrific fairy tale satire which is the movie's greatest strength .
dr . susan tyler ( sorvino ) creates a genetically enhanced bug ( the 'judas' breed ) , however , which is designed to kill all cockroaches .
other elements of the movie are so-so ; spawn's enormous red , flowing cape is a wonderful sight , but it's too obvious when he's being played by a costumed actor or an image .
we start the film with an interesting outlook on family from paul .
there's some dark treachery amongst all this , but everyone is so awfully jolly that you'd hardly know it .
and when , in the end , all is out in the open , ask yourself if certain scenes involving these three were really necessary .
the visuals had such a state of the art " slickness " that they won an oscar .
and this film is unusually gory too .
standouts include the chase through a parking garage in which ramsey , who's supposed to be being followed , keeps checking behind him to investigate a strange tapping noise ( it's actually bowfinger's dog in high heels ) .
they deal with guards that have huge thumbs where their arms , legs and heads would normally be ( why are the guards so ineffective ?
but first , bowfinger must get renowned action star kit ramsey ( eddie murphy ) to sign in on the project .
he brings grace , charm and a deceptive benigness to his character which provides an interesting foil to both the violence of the books he writes and the unfolding real-life horror around him .
but , there is another complete misrepresentation of this material that really disturbs me .
unfortunately , shao khan was a poor loser , and the very final scene in mortal kombat showed him arriving anyway , ready to take over the planet , as our heroes assumed a fighting stance .
mathilda learns of l ? on's hit man profession and decides to follow in l ? on's footsteps as a " cleaner . "
i like the one story focus .
the chosen woman is christine york ( robin ) .
it's also nothing special and doesn't deserve the money it's making .
music is another factor that strengthens the atmosphere .
that's when freeman has to come on tv for the last time and say goodbye to all the people who aren't picked to live in the missouri cave site for two years .
paul anderson's direction is impressive , as it was in mortal kombat .
when he does make a run for it , connor offers close pursuit , but for different reasons than his superiors ( including the crusty brian cox ) -- they want to take mccabe down , while connor needs to keep him alive , or all hope is lost for his little boy .
at this point , the plot thickened , and the unusually slow start of the film turned into a suspense-filled action film with great stunts .
there's wit in here somewhere , i'm told .
it seems that a group of hackers is out to stop the system that is the matrix , led by the bald but brilliant laurence fishburne and assisted by carrie ann moss , who looks quite cool in leather , i must say .
the whole episode places an incredible strain on the audience's suspension of disbelief and questions the validity of either character's intelligence .
a great example of a workaholic man who cannot see the trees from the forest .
billy crystal plays wiseguy shrink ben sobol , who new 'patient' happens to be gangster boss paul vitti ( de niro . )
the story takes place in the early 1950s in the small town of petaluma , california , where charles heads to avoid the police .
all the sorrows , joys , longings , sufferings , and loves of these women are sewn into their quilt and , as their bittersweet memories are given expression , one young woman applies these lessons of the past to her own uncertain future .
too many comedies today subscribe to the the notion that a comedy need only make you laugh .
the direction and cinematography are brilliant and liquid .
hard rain successfully demonstrates that the opposite is equally possible .
what's that ?
the film owes a lot of what it has to bonnie hunt's direction .
during the dimension jump ( i think that's what it's called , but don't hold me to it ) , the captain is killed and the man who sent the distress signal ( peter facinelli ) is brought on board .
quiz show perfectly captures the colors and textures of the eisenhower years .
he has to do this before it turns into the year 2000 , and strangely he's trying to fight him 5 minutes before 2000 comes .
based very loosely on a 1990 children's story , " shrek " follows several momentous days in the life of the title character , a rotund green ogre voiced by mike myers in that pleasant scottish accent he is so fond of using .
brosnan plays andy osnard , a british operative walking on thin ice .
since when do eye flutters and nervous smiles pass for acting ?
if there is one major objection i had to " metro " , it was the length , an area where a lot of action films seem to wear out their welcomes .
the deltas , knowing that fighting the omegas is stupid , decide to go out with style , throwing a wild toga party and ruining the homecoming parade .
yes , in the future , man may travel to space and conquer mars , but nothing beats a good stick of tnt .
the insider is a film adaptation of the vanity fair article " the man who knew too much " by marie brenner .
this tangent isn't a random one , as bob or lane will end up either holding a piece of the puzzle or turn out to be the killer himself .
the lack of gusto is the movie's major stumbling block .
while in jail she works out , exercises and basically does her best to get into near perfect condition .
when simon walks in on a pair of men robbing his apartment , he is brutally beaten and sent to the hospital , and frank , who has grown tired of seeing his friend take the verbal abuse dished out by his neighbor , intimidates melvin into watching after simon's dog while he convalesces .
during his escape from the museum where it was housed , he sheltered from machine gun fire behind a giant rolling gong .
for this alone it will be a problem for modern audiences unschooled in shakespeare and in search of nothing more than a good , undemanding laugh .
they're never even directly connected to de wynter ( they're controlled by his crazy henchman , played by eddie izzard ) .
will memphis get him finally caught as he pulls him back into the life , one more time ?
woody harrelson gives an excellent performance .
but there's something missing here , and it isn't budget or effects - it's everything money * can't * buy .
" the astronaut's wife " is grave and humor-free , passing its increasingly silly story off as full-fledged serious , right down to an ambiguous finale that isn't even going to satisfy those who've stayed with it thus far .
by and large there may be another oscar nomination herein for williams , but more importantly , it's entertainment for the entire family .
it's much like speed-reading a novel and realizing that you missed the nuances .
" fail-safe " takes place during the heart of the cold war ( the actual film was released two years after the cuban missile crisis ) , when the united states and the soviet union were in static discord over an issue that can be summarized in a single word : communism .
his body language ( for example , the way he walks ) and his facial expressions are perfectly suited to his compulsive character .
after the obligatory second playing of britney spears' titular song , there's a quick commercial jingle for a burger joint the kids in the film hang out in and a brief rendition of the school song for their high school .
if you've read any reviews , you've also probably heard that this movie fails to live up to the magic and humanity of the first trilogy .
i have to give him credit and say that he did , in fact , manage to change his facial expression about three times during the course of cruel intentions .
the thing is , i find janeane garafolo rather attractive .
" scream 2 " bounces all over the place stylistically , but it does a better job delivering the genuine scares and asking the questions about media violence that were only hinted at in the first installment .
walker is quickly becoming one of the premiere suspense writers in hollywood , and sleepy hollow certainly doesn't hurt his growing reputation .
gord doesn't make much of a go on his first attempt and lands back home with fawning mom and outraged dad in " freddy got fingered . "
with a more realistic look , " gladiator " could be even more satisfying than " braveheart " because it has a tighter script and a more fulfilling conclusion .
mulholland drive did very well at the cannes film festival .
real murderers rarely have dialogue as witty as what buck henry has written for this movie and smart , while pretty and alluring , is no match for the cinematic charms of nicole kidman .
that annoyed me , as did the ending .
confused ?
braces , greasy long hair , not too bright , and very very funny .
the plot is a mold into which the characters of some ancient fable are dropped , and try as they might to rise above the characters of previous features , they are nearly always destined to do no more than the same .
more to the point , who decided a full-length computer animated movie featuring " hyperreal " ( their term , not mine ) humanoids was a good idea ?
sounds like a cool movie , does it not ?
like he did in planes , trains , and automobiles , john hughes again demonstrates his mastery of the simple set-up and extended execution .
i had been expecting more of this movie than the less than thrilling twister .
the fight scenes are stunning balletic tours-de-force , not to be taken literally but clearly to be enjoyed as superb cinematic art , as are the prodigious leaps and flights to , from and between rooftops , the martial combat at the top of swaying bamboo branches and the combatants skipping like pebbles along the surface of a lake .
fortunately , first-time screenwriter marc klein has sketched strong , well-rounded , characters to propel a predictable and corny narrative .
some of the smartest dialogue comes during this sequence as pinkett bemoans the lack of african american participation in horror films ( it's surely no coincidence that , in addition to pinkett and epps , scream 2 features two black characters ) .
the others being citizen kane and vertigo ( yes , i am trying to see as many of afi's greatest movies ever made as i can ) .
critique : a very powerful , thoroughly depressing , well-acted " non-teen " movie starring a bunch of teens .
no more needs to be said as to what happens and where the conflict lies , the movie is that predictable .
a year goes by and things among the four friends begin to change .
well , let me share my moment of sheer panic , and then the cold enervation of the big let-down when a semi-robed hatcher purrs to alec baldwin , " what do you think of my butterfly ? " .
i'm sure it's comforting to know that , even though the world's ending in a matter of minutes , the u-haul people are doing the most business of their lives .
ray liotta manages to squeeze a tiny bit of humanity and humor into his walking clich ? , but only a bit .
my snap judgment was that it was a watered-down version of " the shining " or possibly a late-entry in the glut of angel-related movies/tv shows of a couple years ago .
his father is a shabby down-at-heels priest who appears to have permanently misplaced his religion .
mr . williamson has , based upon his produced screenplays as of this writing ( scream , i know what you did last summer from october 1997 , and now scream 2 ) , enjoyed a meteoric rise to fame , quickly become the most well-known screenwriter amongst the entertainment weekly-reading , box office figure-watching youth culture since -- well , since that quentin tarantino guy ( whom , it is said , has also achieved some renown as a director ) .
the plot which is very confusing at times is also very ludicrous and the movie is destined to be a hit in the first weekend , and flop in the next .
she is ably abetted by wonderfully demented comic dialogue , which kidman delivers in a unselfconsciously funny way .
through his investigations , zero learns why , but not without developing feelings for gloria -- feelings that , because of his reclusive behavior , are new and confusing to him .
in fact , considering the rigid adherence to the expected formulas , perhaps it was .
this worked pretty well and will offer audiences a couple of unexpected jolts .
this turkey is really cheesy .
at one point ) .
young director gary fleder scored a hit a few years back with his quirky pulp fiction-esque things to do in denver when your dead .
this strange couple resemble lestat and lois in neil jordan's 'interview with the vampire' .
critique : this is a pretty bad movie .
of its motley crew , it only choses as its potentially eccentric cast of characters a lead woman skipper , a masculine potential-romantic-interest , a drunken captain , a black technician , a tatooed aborigine , a manic russian survivor , and a couple other candidates for alien food , none whom are the least bit interesting or more dimensional than a thin , plain piece of writing paper .
the approach director stephen frears takes by having the charismatic rob speak directly to the camera is very effective .
the only flash of life and color comes from glenn close ( and her lips ) as the madam of a whorehouse where hyde lives , and surprisingly , jekyll apparently frequents .
only during the sequence aboard the ship ( looking an awful lot like the jupiter vessel in " 2001 " ) where the rescue team's air begins running out and they must frantically search for the hole and patch it up does " mission to mars " come to life .
and while the film fits neatly into the low-brow , slapstick school of comedy , one refreshing aspect is its lack of mean-spiritedness .
this is the type of film that should be made for families more often : entertaining for kids and entertaining for parents .
in fact , the motive is almost totally irrelevant to the movie .
luckily , we have ben ramsey's screenplay , a bitingly funny piece of work .
" batman and robin " has far more in common with the campy 60's batman tv show than with tim burton's tale of darkness .
the film's greatest curiosity is a full frontal shot of kevin bacon climbing out of the shower .
permanent midnight is structured mostly as a flashback , with recovering addict bello meeting stiller ( at a fastfood restaurant , where stiller works the drive-thru as part of rehab ) , taking him back to a hotel , and between bouts of serious screwing , listening to his life story .
- moral dilemma of teresa's father .
all in all , a good , non-offensive date movie .
yes , this movie represents high school life in mtv-land .
on the basis of this film alone , i never would have predicted that , in two years , quentin tarantino would become the country's biggest hotshot director .
this is one of those automatic-pilot movies anyone could write or direct .
michael caine is , in a word , brilliant as the caring caretaker of these orphans , many of whom he helped to bring into the world .
as in all romantic comedies , we know from the beginning that woo and tim are going to end up together .
in some ways the slickest film yet from nonfiction auteur morris ( the thin blue line , a brief history of time ) , fast , cheap & out of control is reportage of the highest order .
one wonders what they saw in the script .
when the verdict looks to free the africans , van buren replaces the judge with one more sympathetic to his wishes .
they're problematic because they're jarring and distracting , introducing a cutesy relationship into a film that shouldn't have been about cutesy relationships .
his placing of the characters , and the assination of the chinese ambassador , and the plotting of the movie are so predictable and laughable , that it just takes all the fun out of the entire movie .
dreamworks' the prince of egypt succeeds where all of the other conventionally animated products have failed .
her mother is pushy and obnoxious , and cal hockley is arrogant .
i didn't liked that aspect to this film and is one of the reasons it falls just short of greatness .
say again . . . no
but , when darren meets an attractive , but cold-blooded and manipulative , psychiatrist , judith ( amanda peet ) , the long time friendship is placed in danger .
he comes off as crazy loner in that scene , but a few minutes later , he is apologizing to turner , and we believe his intentions .
the writing and directing , both by beatty , are above par .
atlantis is nowhere near as flashy as hicks' cedars , which is disappointing but understandable considering the switch from the completely amazing robert richardson to the occasionally amazing piotr sobocinski , the oscar-nominated cinematographer behind krzysztof kieslowski's red .
we're never given any clear explanation as to the basis for many of his actions .
we learn that max's condition is terminal , and he will soon die .
the focus seemed inconsistent throughout , and the final payoff seemed quick and cheap .
in fact , there's even a little twin peaks to be found here , albeit with the lion's share of the weirdness distilled out .
relentless in its emotional sensationaliztion .
but in defense , it does have some good parts , other than uma .
in essence , good will hunting is an ordinary story told well .
it's all too sad , cause certainly the " idea " seemed like a good one ( see the shining ( 9/10 ) for a close to perfect example of a creepy gone awry ) , but the story was thin , the conclusion was laughable ( be gone . . . poof ! ) and the special effects ?
the characters are so appealing that you can excuse the film for its often outlandish and unbelievable plot .
the best of these movies combine a sense of style and flash with significant substance .
contact's wonderfully presented story deals with ellie arroway ( jodie foster ) , a radio astronomer whose preference of study involves the outdated technique of " merely listening " to sounds out in space .
the flying inkpot rating system : * wait for the tv2 broadcast .
the actor is portly with a round baby face and crazy eyes , but despite his size he leaps to and fro like a manic speed freak ( which might be a bit of a redundant description , seeing as how all the speed freaks i know are manic ) .
on may 19 , 1999 , star wars episode i : the phantom menace will be released , followed by two more films that will reveal what went on before a new hope .
gaulthier's outlandish creations , such as a number worn by leeloo made entirely out of white straps , feel more at home in besson's futuristic vision than on any fashion runway in the world ; they add to the sense of otherworldliness about the film .
the end is deep all right , and there isn't a single shallow moment in tilda swinton's canon .
she is the prototypical trophy child .
smelling yet another book deal , gale weathers ( courteney cox arquette ) comes to the set to investigate and finds her ex-boyfriend dewey riley ( david arquette ) acting as a technical consultant and getting chummy with jennifer ( parker posey ) , the actress playing gale in " stab 3 . " elsewhere , our heroine sidney is living in hiding under an assumed name .
i hope it will be rewarded with an oscar .
i have several possibilities which i believe the movie hints at , but i am unsure of which the director is espousing .
paltrow , showing immense talent in se7en ( 1995 ) and sliding doors ( 1997 ) is strangely stilted , even unconvincing , in this movie .
seagal has been vanguard in trying to bring a new genre into the filmplace , that of the enviro-thriller ( on deadly ground ) .
a minor carry on film whose major asset is the performance by hattie jacques .
however , the face-hugger managed to attach itself to one of the cryo-tubes , and is sent down with the escape pod .
lomax is soon given the case of his life .
hell , my fellow americans , it ain't .
in fact , the ghost is one of the reasons she chooses to stay .
its conclusion , in which a bleeding , wounded woman stumbles in front of the screen and dies in front of an audience that cheers on because they think it's a publicity stunt , is more surreal and disturbing than anything else .
her comment is that it was seeing the same film twice .
take adam sandler .
is it a shock to find out that the film's climax is an unarmed battle between todd and caine ?
" the devil's advocate " is not .
the interactions seem so truthful and guileless that it is almost as if the film-makers hid cameras around the place and filmed these people unbeknownst to them .
in emmerich's godzilla , matthew broderick plays dr . niko tatopoulos , a biologist who is called in to join other scientists in the south pacific already studying the existence of a radiation-induced super mutant which leaves footprints the size of livingrooms .
all are well regarded as top-notch entertainment .
he doesn't succeed , though .
the only fans who will be disappointed are those who expect full-blown combat scenes and instead are forced to suffer through moments of slowness .
the race has no rules ? whichever contestant reaches the locker first gets the money .
however even the finest ingredients don't go very far in the hands of a chief who doesn't seem to care about his product .
and big chunks of talky moments .
and with it comes every single clich ? .
" quo vadis . "
it's a pleasure to watch such a wonderful film that is propelled almost solely by the characters and performances .
however , jack is suspicious , believing that he was 'taken out' .
a stage light comes falling out of the sky , truman hears people tracking his movements on the radio and he swears he sees his dead father .
cars crash .
i'm just eager to meet you one day , so i can buy you a stoli , look you in the eye and say , " what in the wide world of sports were you thinking with u-turn ? "
that man is his boss , mr . milton , a truly evil character who just may be the devil himself .
but too often hollywood gets it wrong , even when they pay off chinese directors .
" showgirls " is a relentlessly exploitive look at the las vegas strip scene , and the film turns out to be just as trashy as its subject matter .
while the basic setup and premise for the film is fairly contrived , the aspect where it's head-and-shoulders above its predecessor is in its suspense sequences .
baseball , " minus the savage bloody beating with the bat .
she's given plenty of development , but we never understand what she is thinking .
ben stiller is also a very funny individual ; he's the kind of comedian who makes normal lines sound funny .
soon , these five are all having sex with one another , be it straight , gay , or lesbian sex .
right from the first five minutes of the film , de palma has created a hatred towards capone and he shows that this man must be brought down at all costs .
comments : house on haunted hill is based upon the original 1958 film of the same title directed by william castle and starring vincent price .
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " the closet " is a frankly sexual , adult 8 .
granted , that one joke is initially amusing .
the entire film is a metaphor for social darwinism- only the strong will survive .
there is a plot to this movie but it isn't worth mentioning .
the acting is embarrassingly bad : rochon , in particular , delivers each of her lines with stiff and talentless insincerity .
the set-up is critical because fate will turn jakob into a reluctant savior .
since all the action takes place in fog , it is constantly hard to see a scene clearly due to those circumstances , and to poor camera work .
charlie's angels is one of the worst examples of action film homogeneity and shameless duplicity in any film i've seen in ages .
a relative flop at the cinema , this movie deserves a lot more recognition .
it's really quite scary to think that someone could become you , control you , be you .
kind of weird , huh ? )
however , his talents seem to be rendered useless near the end of the film , making it look as though his character has lost all of his ethics and principles , although he never had many to start out with in the first place .
for the sisters , the choices are life or death ones .
thus , ashly judd comes across all out of focus , instead of being the heart of the story .
she gives the kids a ring , whom nello places on aloise's hand .
for others - a way to start over and " correct " their mistakes , by living in an illusion of their past .
garofalo comes to the small ireland town during the annual matchmaking festival , during which lonely folks from around the county pair off into a future of bliss .
and even the special effects , seemingly the only aspect of the film the director actually cared about , are inconsistent .
the body count is high , but that is expected in a movie of this sort .
" mortal kombat ? "
now stranded on mars with minimal supplies , the team must decide whether or not it can risk entering the monolith or if they should return home .
now listen to me on this one - in every " batman " flick , there's a couch scene .
the script , despite having a story and screenplay each credited to four different writers , is endlessly clever and inventive , especially considering that it's a sequel .
the result : a movie that is a delightful example of how the medium is the message .
it was based on the non-fiction book by tom wolfe , covering the early years of american space program .
eventually though , even the most well-trained zombie alien gets a bit uppity and needs to be taught a lesson .
the story centres around a group of people , who include brit simon ( askew ) , and checkout girls claire ( holmes ) and ronna ( polley ) and the misadventures that they get into , split into three chapters .
duvall virtually sleepwalks through his role , apparently only appearing to give one-liners at every chance he gets .
by the time the last act rolls around , there is no sense of a payoff building .
this is a tim burton movie , boys and girls .
even pamela anderson lee made an attempt but fell flat on her well-bared assets .
once at the secret desert base , there is a long chop-socky sequence , followed by the film's centerpiece , a wind-tunnel fight that's even better than the one in face/off .
kids have to go see the movie .
now it's 14 years after toho's remake , and director roland emmerich has allowed the giant lizard to make an american first run .
the phantom menace is probably most effective as pop nostalgia .
it turned me off slightly , but then i realized that everything turned out the way it should have .
no curve balls here , no sliders .
naaaaaaah !
meanwhile , the hotel is practically deserted as the storm season is about to begin .
she sells her soul to make it big , but in the end we're supposed to believe that she's a better person than that .
just look back two years ago at the coen brothers' comedic gem the big lebowski , change the actors , take away the bowling alley , add a record store , and you've got high fidelity ( or maybe the other way around since nick hornby's novel high fidelity came first ) .
not the best of its kind but it is certainly the most distinctive film of the series .
all you , as the main character , want to do , however , is read " slaughterhouse five " and attend brown university in the fall .
toward the end , for example , brooke has her suspicions about daryl .
the two sisters are close and languidly discuss their options , with rivka telling her sister to accept the marriage , it will make her happy ; but , while malka is reluctantly forced into accepting it , she has other plans to ruin this bogus marriage .
mulholland drive spoiler warning .
many times it's unclear as to exactly what's going on . . .
it's a deep dark tale of the jealousy that lies in the two men , unhappiness , and the ever lasting love .
she learns this when the same wise cop who told ann what to do , is about to ticket her and this time will remind the mother of the right thing to do .
murray abraham ) , to mess everything up .
the various misfires include : an alien encounter , a fiendish tabloid editor scheming to wreck the spice girls , the shooting of a spice girls documentary , a movie producer ( george wendt ) trying to pitch various ideas for a spice girls movie ( nearly all of which , though incredibly far fetched , seem more plausible than the mess with which they ended up ) , a meeting with a pregnant friend ( whose sole purpose seems to be to maintain the film maxim that all pregnant characters must give birth before the movie ends ) , a boating adventure , a bus race , club-hopping ( wherein apparently no one notices the famous spice girls among the crowd . . . even
he received 9 , 200 cds and cassettes from mostly unknown and unsigned artists , listened to all that was sent ( at least a couple of tracks from each record ) and compiled the soundtrack .
we wouldn't know this because she never talked about having kids before , but we are nevertheless expected to be devastated for her .
dolores claiborne is essentially a showcase for the talent of bates , as her character has a huge amount of screen time .
add to that a lack of experience in big-budget action , and you have the worst choice for director this side of james ivory .
but there is a certain amount of satisfaction in having our expectations fulfilled , especially when it is done with as much humour , along with a lack of sticky sentimentality , as it is in this film .
they open up a successful restaurant , where she slaves away in the kitchen but he gets all the credit for it , even though he's a loafer .
both of them create a sort of emotional connection with each other , seeking comfort with the other person , but while pat starts to form a deep love for her , judith only wants to remain friends .
the only thing that gives it a half star above my bottom ranking is a slightly entertaining final fifteen minutes and some good actors making the most of their characters .
oscar winner cuba gooding jr . on the other hand is dreadful .
this one could have been titled the same sans one word .
silly but kind of neat too .
he attacks his big bully brother buzz , who had been teasing him .
( she's the only reason i'd even consider catching flubber . )
there is no camp value in the film , no interesting main characters , no invigorating action scenes , no reason at all to waste your time except to ogle the hot chicks and enjoy the performances of a few supporting players .
that way nobody gets hurt . " .
the principal actors sleepwalk their way through " mission to mars , " never managing to do away with an apparent " i'm just here to get a paycheck " attitude .
when schneider starts whacking van damme in the behind with a four-foot eel while enthusing " move your beautiful big ass , " the movie takes an unprecedented turn to the bizarre .
maggie is charmed by cappie's tender undertsanding demeanor , not to mention his shirtless body .
philips warns .
his assistant murphy ( oliver platt ) is oblivious to bulworth's suicidal state and drags him to his speaking engagements .
moreau has no doubt a very interesting premise within its grasp .
eager to right " a stomach evacuation mistake " he once made , a cocky , clever , courageous white blood cell ( chris rock ) declares , " this is a crime scene ! "
still , at least urban legend had some pretty cool death scenes and a somewhat realized whodunit angle which makes this slasher is waaaayyyyyy better than i know what you did last summer .
although filled with small , very funny scenes , stuart saves his family also has its share of dramatic moments , especially towards the conclusion .
god has also given us a set of rules .
warning : spoilers are included in this review . . .
when explaining life to a 7-year-old kid , she says with utter seriousness , " you got a lot of love making to make ; you got a lot of boozing to do . "
woody harrelson continues to prove that he is one of the finest , most versatile actors of his generation .
we already know that big movie studios' mentality is shallow at best , and movies like " out of sight " and " saving private ryan " give you more faith in them , but movies like " virus " manage to drain a little more out of the pool .
but after diasappointing films such as " godzilla " and " fear and loathing in las vegas " , it would be nice to see a really good film .
when she writes a second novel , he rebuffs her the same way her first hubby did .
so i have to tell the truth : every once in a while i get a nasty , masochistic urge to see a bad movie .
titanic is , without a doubt , the best movie i've seen all year .
another great thing about the film was the performance of harold perrineau as romeo's best friend .
the repetitiveness , far from being tedious , is effectively maddening ; more than anything , the picture aims to get under our skins and take in events from max's claustrophobic perspective .
my diagnosis for this picture : a good weekend rental , but not worth a movie ticket .
in the original , the headless horseman was meant to be unstoppable .
we see no atrocities being committed , not even any real battle footage .
and it's not even because this was a film starring nicolas cage and since he gives a brauvara performance , this film is hardly worth his talents .
we find out that this lands him in prison , and the film from that point is seen through the eyes of danny .
faye dunaway and peter o'toole ham it up unmercifully , however when o'toole overacts he's entertaining and when dunaway does it she's annoying ( her character actually says the line " seize them ! "
kevin learns that all of his problems have been caused by the work of one man .
instead , the movie is full of old , outrageous tales about the wild west -- tales which went out of style in 5-cent magazines about a century ago .
matthew broderick couldn't have been any more perfect for this role .
halle berry is fine , and sexy , as the intellectual nina , who comes to like the senator .
" the boxer " of the title is danny flynn ( jim sheridan staple daniel day-lewis ) , an ex-ira member who gets out of a belfast prison after 14 years , and finds out that his troubles are far from over .
armageddon also has romance , with a capital " r " .
the worst part about this movie is its hilariously unbelievable ending , which features police officers coming up with the brilliant idea of " sneaking up " on a man's house , who they know to be guilty of a crime !
the only thing that i think could have happened is that the actors made up the script as they went along .
this season needs another serial killer movie like kathie lee gifford needs more public devastation .
bad move , billy -- your jokes suck .
i have to agree with roger ebert , though , who found it hard to believe that an entity that's been around for all time wouldn't know what peanut butter was .
both just assumed that if apes were going to talk the language they would speak would be english .
i must admit , my first glimpse of the video cover for not of this earth was not encouraging .
a lackadaisical , naughty little schoolboy voice that flirts and gambols .
permanent midnight is a pretty bad movie , though it took me a few days to conclude this .
many important scenes seem too dark ; the lighting could have been improved significantly .
gibson's performance is terrific , and his character is similar to that of martin riggs in the lethal weapon films .
auteur theory be damned ; it's kruger's " style " , not the director's that winds up on screen .
he begins following and observing maggie , falling more and more in love with her everyday .
he got the nickname when a mob boss in his underworld element shut the draw on his hand as a punishment .
this thriller could easily have been boring during many sequences , but duguay always seemed to find something interesting to show the viewer .
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " ghosts of mars " thuds to a laborious , bottom-of-the-barrel 1 .
so he took on the project , convinced he could make something happen on screen .
but they want to change the ethnic flavor of the show , get rid of monica because he's a freak , have isabella cook with tabasco instead of the brazilian peppers she uses , and they change her ethnic dresses to low-cut vanna white type of sexy dresses .
shadowing memphis is an old law enforcement foe ( lindo ) who's looking to send memphis away .
_october sky_ offers a much simpler image--that of a single white dot , traveling horizontally across the night sky .
whedon comes up with a clever spin : since the original ripley died while impregnated with an alien queen , the blood used for the clone is also " infected " with alien dna .
which brings us to the performances , of which there's nothing good that can be said .
why soderbergh couldn't just parrot down and tell a story , i don't know , but what he does do certainly doesn't work .
clearly his actual whereabouts are something he wants to keep secret because that would also reveal his identity ( which is never openly revealed in the film , but should be clear to most viewers .
there the news team under producer lowell bergman ( al pacino ) are ordering around the terrorists and getting away with it .
this continues for what seems like 6 hours .
it has its moments ( a scene in which jones' body is invaded by an alien is particularly entertaining ) , but there are embarrassingly long stretches that are utterly devoid of humour .
along the way they meet judge doom ( christopher lloyd ) a judge-jury-and executioner type who's out to get roger and has discovered the one and only way to kill a `toon . '
directed by robert altman
that alone shows how much a script is needed for a film , because once your story is introduced , you have the rest of the film to start developing it .
while possibly shallow , i've often had a desire for a sense of epiphany , or at least a resolution , in the films which i view .
instead of having the criminal " napolean " wilson , this film has the criminal " desolation " williams .
please !
in one of my many videos i have attained from the local library , casablanca was my third classic in some weeks .
or boring made-for-video " suspense " movies are spiked with gratuitous lingerie scenes just to keep the audience awake .
yes , there are some raunchy bits , but when it is all over , it+s not nearly as bad as it could have been .
he gets no good one-liners , he doesn't get to shoot or implode anything in new and interesting ways , and all we know about him is that he regrets his past as a car thief and wants a cup of hot chocolate and piece of pecan pie .
as the movie is but the latest in a genre that was originally created by aliens , it does little more than try to cash in on that aspect .
rivka goes on the sly and finds out that it is her husband who is sterile , but she cannot tell him that because of their religion .
for example , acting has little to do with the emotional impact of the scene where kevin searches out a seasonal santa at night , just as " santa " is getting in his car .
years later we see his subsequent resurfacing ; in the mid 80's a damaged man walks out of a rainstorm and back into the world .
" this is the only way you can do it and do it right . "
'the thirteenth floor' is somewhere in between .
you know , when you are affraid to put you feet on the floor because the creature might be under the chair , or when you keep trying to cover your throat with your shirt ?
synopsis : a small town thug convinces a dimwitted high-school student to spy on his girlfriend , who is babysitting three unruly kids for their alcoholic parents on a friday night .
and director stephan elliot's last movie priscilla , queen of the desert was a quirky little delight .
if you've got a decent head on your shoulders , you'll have the good sense to gallop off to the theater and enjoy it one last time .
but let's face it , any time van damme tries to be dramatic , he looks silly .
shinohara heavy industries , the premier labor manufacturer in japan ( if not the whole world ) , has just come out with a new operating system that increases labors' movement speed and efficiency by 30% .
you don't mess with success , so the team is back again , and better , in " rush hour 2 . "
pete posthlewaite provides some ghreat comedy as a monk who journeys with them .
mark whalberg , a . k . a
so leo davidson spends most of the movie getting the living shit kicked out of him before the biggest guilt trip in history is dropped on his shoulders .
hawn smartly recycles her mature sex kitten wives of " the out of towners " and " the first wives' club " while shandling's relegated to true second banana status .
to make a long story short , the film needed a director who knew how to make a long story short .
don cheadle has a good role as a drug dealer who uses gun-toting toddlers to do his dirty work . ?
aloise's father finally becomes so angry with nello that he forbids him to ever see aloise again .
there have been countless crime films both past and present that evoke the " noir " mood , that is , the dark , shady atmosphere where the vices of the world become more fascinating on screen than they would in real life .
to say that he holds the film together would not be completely true , but he does it no harm .
unlike dustin hoffman's performance in " rain man " or leonardo dicaprio's in " what's eating gilbert grape , " we are always painfully aware that hughes is acting .
in contrast , camille had almost given the violin , years earlier .
but in this case , the total feeling of amnesia is an excellent tool towards characterization , developing the mood and outlining the story .
the film is one of those torrid double-indemnity crime stories that , in this case , required the services of three screenwriters .
virtual reality is a topic that has almost defined its own genre .
the good trailer had hinted that they pulled the impossible off , but making a blues brothers movie without jake blues ( john belushi ) is such a dumb idea i really had no hope .
i came up with four " god-damns , " three " shitheads " and two " fucks . "
eventually , the kids join the military , with dreams of glory in their addled little minds .
but the technical skill doesn't even come close to making up for the sheer evil of this movie .
but a majority of " simply irresistible " 's resistibility factor has less to do with the afore-mentioned overkill than the bland leads - tom and amanda are so thin and ambiguously defined that there's just no fun rooting for their inevitable " happily ever after . "
was a lot of fun ( which it is ) , so i didn't see this as anything more than a futile attempt at conversation .
it would have drawn the same laugh without the squirm-inducing hint of child molestation .
jakob the liar depends on the notion that jakob has to struggle to craft his fictions , but williams always looks like he's struggling _not_ to craft them .
thousand times . . . by the same guy ! !
a few erotic moments occur in the film ; they take place in a van with little lighting and are filmed out of focus ( see , they're supposed to be valerie's fantasies -- how creative ) .
it positions the crucible more as a cautionary fable about obsessive and malevolent women than against witch hunts ; it will bring back the memory of a rabbit boiling away in a pot .
what that means is that lost in space actually deserved 2 stars .
marie still asks herself these questions a year later , and in order to move on with her life , she must find some answers .
and finally , there's stephen furst as albert , a chubby catatonic who speaks only in baseball and television phrases .
i have a suspicion that i'm not it's target audience .
the young chimp goes to visit his dying father .
the remaining twin ( the french cop ) goes to the united states to find out who killed his brother and avenge his death .
they get into an accident .
in " wisdom " the two lead characters are killed at the end , only to have one of the characters " wake up " from an apparent and say " gosh , i'm glad that didn't really happen ! " .
it rocks-actually , lots of rocks fly at us or from us , in slow or fast motion , at several points in the film .
so , with his trusty crew , picard defies the federation to keep the ba'ku in their natural habitat .
you get one hot-fudge-rockin' good time , that's what you get ! ! !
elliot goldenthal has created a deeply moving score which lends itself to the claustrophobic setting that the " alien " series been set in .
the core of the " good will hunting " is damon , who infuses the script ( co- written by " chasing amy's " ben affleck ) with just the right amount of warmth , sensitivity and humanity to accentuate his position as a refreshing multi- talented performer .
what matters to a film like this is if the plot makes sense in the moment , and " frequency " works as long as it keeps moving .
if he has any strengths whatsoever , it is an undeterring vision , and a good organizer .
at the gallery anna is overwhelmed by a painting and faints .
because once you got past the thought that " they're parodying that&#8216 ; blair witch' movie , " most of the parodies had nothing to offer -- no insight , no original idea , no greater purpose .
producer jerry bruckheimer plays upon that attraction with a movie so loaded with testosterone and laced titillatingly with shot after frenetic shot of powerful muscle cars , sleek foreign road huggers and iconic speed machines that many males will leave the theater in an orgasmic haze .
even on the edge of disaster , he's bright-eyed ( behind oddly tinted sunglasses ) and positive .
much of what goes on is confusing and difficult to follow .
ripe with explosions , mass death and really weird hairdos , tsui hark's " double team " must be the result of a tipsy hollywood power lunch that decided jean-claude van damme needs another notch on his bad movie-bedpost and nba superstar dennis rodman should have an acting career .
meanwhile , most shots take place at night , in dimly lit rooms , or in dark alleys .
during his visits , he befriends a pre-teen girl , emira ( emira nuseric ) who serves as surrogate mother to baby roadrunner .
" it's there .
1 : 41 - pg-13 for violence and thematic elements
however , his lack of commitment threatens their success .
this is probably not a movie that would have been improved by lots of odd shots .
touches such as these are what stamps this movie with burton's brand .
john leguizamo , like jack nicholson in batman , receives top billing in the cast as the violator ; michael jai white ( al simmons / spawn ) is second .
don cheadle is appropriately sinister as a violent ex-con who may or may not be teaming up with foley .
what the character feels is not jealousy but remorse , embarrassment , even , at having let her go .
ms . fiennes may be the most exciting female presence behind a camera since jane campion .
she tries the door , opens it , and wanders around the house .
the explorers invite her over , and she then tells her story of titanic .
in the end we just know more about both arnold and furtwangler .
this needed to be thought out much more thoroughly if a point were to be made , since subject matter such as this deserves better treatment .
that's not to say that you won't like this film if you don't like the music , but the music and live performances from the band , play a big part in the movie , and i for one , had a blast watching and listening to it all .
a lot of the laughs are earned by some particularly painful lines by desouza : " i smoked that badass like a roman candle ! "
first of all , what was with all of the gangsta hip-hop music used in pretty much every other scene transition ?
his face scruches up , and his eye's begin to pop . . . . .
also shoring up the proceedings is jon polito as a corrupt banker and dylan baker , who is a riot as a united states general straight out of the dr . strangelove school of armed patriotism .
starring john leguizamo , mira sorvino , adrian brody , jennifer esposito , michael rispoli , bebe neuwirth .
the animation is flawless , and , aside from a bug's life , is the best-looking movie to date .
without a doubt , the best thing about home fries is barrymore ; at the risk of sounding sexist , she's never looked better than here , as a curly redhead with twinkling eyes .
how can a french guy have a bad french accent ?
they spend most of their day ignoring customers while discussing everything from fellatio to self-fulfillment .
i didn't know and love john steed and emma peel , and therefore i was not as upset to see how these actors i love have managed to thrash their roles .
" playing god " does neither well .
irvin's direction was very ascetic and it gave the movie almost documentary feel .
fed up with being second-rate and enchanted by dreams of one day traveling through space , vincent leaves home and takes a janitorial position at the gattaca aerospace corporation .
deserves recognition for : achieving the near-impossible task of making a grander monument to self-love than steven seagal's on deadly ground .
you betcha .
crime lord joe cabot ( veteran actor lawrence tierney ) has assembled five criminals who have never even met each other to pull a diamond store heist .
granted , after the film gets rolling , there are a few mild chuckles throughout ( i'm even willing to admit that it actually had me laughing once or twice ) , but not nearly enough to sustain the waterboy for it's nearly hour and a half running time .
in the company of wolves , she and neil jordan retell the story of red riding hood , enlivening it with werewolves , rolls royces , and a visit from satan .
paranoia ?
western audiences will appreciate a look at unfamiliar indian customs like women painting their hands with henna .
there is no way that convicts would be transported on the same commercial flight that normal passangers would be on .
on top of that problem , he has a drunk , gambling addicted partner ( penn ) who has a penchant for collecting parking tickets ( i guess cops aren't immune ? ) .
i found their main headquarters to be boring , as were the " cool weapons " they had .
- directed by ho meng-hua .
suddenly , the story of romantic entanglements and family conflict becomes a story about a corpse , and everything which had come before degenerates so completely that virtually nothing is recognizable .
review : a small but enchanting movie , " hearts in atlantis " easily recalls another king-inspired coming-of-age film , " stand by me " , both in terms of its setting and the sentiment it conveys .
every opportunity to create dynamic tension is thwarted by plot holes and lackluster direction .
i won't spoil the surprise as to what urban legends are used , after all the film does offer fine 2 : 00 am cable viewing if you happen to be intoxicated enough .
because it treats itself as if it hasn't been done before , and thus the viewer is disilusioned into believing that it is not old , familar tired stuff .
ben wants to create a new jedi .
leder likes to flaunt people's fears via their faces , but instead of coming off as sympathetic , leder seems more of a sadist .
note : some may consider portions of the following text to be spoilers .
though not a classical beauty , blanchett is able to entrance the viewer with just a coy smile or an impish smirk .
not content to be a haunting , observational portrait of teen alienation in a royally screwed up world ( like terry zwigoff's superb ghost world ) , cuesta lacks the confidence in his own work to end on an ambivalent note .
once you yell " hello " , you can expect an extreme close-up , a thunderous sound effect and an eerie sounding musical pulse .
each new film in the series introduces us to some new dinosaurs , of course .
the visual effects by dream quest ( the abyss ) and industrial light and magic ( star wars trilogy , jurassic park , and terminator 2 ) are phenomenal !
but when you listen to darnell's four letter word vocabulary watch his actions , you wonder why such an intelligent woman would fall for a guy like darnell period , much less have such an unhealthy obsession for him !
though it's a well-written and well-acted fluff piece , it still does not have too much to say that is surprising .
leelee sobieski could have been better , but i think she just suffered from a poorly written character .
will rudy defeat leo ?
there is no reason why channing and wiest should have decided to be in this film , and in every scene involving them , they are always standing side-by-side .
we already know that there's going to be a happy ending ; we feel like we spend the entire film , however enjoyably , in a straight line going towards that point .
good romantic comedies based on similar premises abound .
in the line of duty is the critically praised series of television movies dealing with the real-life incidents that claimed lives of law enforcement officers in usa .
nicholson plays melvin udall , probably the most horrible person ever on the screen .
a winner . ?
nearly the entire audience was couples .
this isn't a gag film like many other comedies but an intelligent , well-thought out , film about real people with real problems told in an often hilarious way .
all the sex and drugs is so obviously empty , and i think that's the point of the film .
either film score would make wonderful background music for halloween trick-or-treat parties .
this , hartley's seventh feature , is contemplative about " the artist " ; fortunately , we never get a sampling of simon's work , and it's a testament to the actors and the screenplay that by the end we can surmise what sort of thoughts would pour from these writers' pens .
in sum , this movie is beneath contempt .
hard to die , i found out while watching the film , is a sequel to sorority house massacre 2 : nightie nightmare ( r . a . m . r . #
it's not just about a disaster , it is a disaster .
when other artists fled germany , furtwangler remained behind and conducted for the hitler and his henchmen .
trust me on this one , no copy editor has seen the inside of a private office since gutenberg ( and i don't mean steve ) invented the printing press .
this mawkish show cuts back to monica , who has a life-or-death decision to make .
it's a summer action recipe followed to the letter , and the result is nothing less than pure , unadulterated summer fun .
hong kong director john woo made two of the best action films of all time , " the killer " and " hard boiled " then came to america to make the stupid " broken arrow . "
however , the acting presented in this film is more than satisfying .
he's the best thing to hit comedy since robin williams .
as in ? return to paradise ? , some of the characters are presented with a chance to do the right thing .
in emphasising style over matters of plot argento is somewhat notorious in cult film circles , but some aficionados still praise tenebrae as the greatest of his " giallo " murder mysteries .
informs eve ) .
a bunch of assholes .
" the iron giant " has much more of a satirical edge to it than most family films , and the edgy humor is actually quite refreshing .
yet perhaps this time , with ghosts of mars , we have taken our love of convenience to far .
something else is what he did .
but suddenly , we hear a pleading voice coming from down below ; he's only injured .
do not think that the x-files is a monster movie .
( actually , purchasing tickets to this film is extremely smart given that it delivers more laughter per dollar than anything in recent memory . )
the peasant village is rustic and cozy , the woods old and hoary .
milo o'shea ( who looks like an irish tom snyder ) is the matchmaker who pops onscreen occasionally to spew his words of wisdom and bring lonely souls together .
though , more appropriately perhaps , it'd be better to say that it's the better of two turkeys .
one of the buildings that gets blown up in this film has " kasdan " written on it .
with the help of his translator buck ( larry hagman ) , the president negotiates at length with the soviet leader , in scenes that prove amazingly taut and powerful in their simplicity , with lumet's long takes of fonda and hagman in the same frame , exchanging the dialog between the president and the soviet leader .
the choppy editing hurts but russell boyd's cinematography , luke reichle's designer duds and trevor rabin's music lend authenticity .
ed harris brings an extreme intensity to christoff , the megalomaniac creator of the show .
as to women . . .
it should have been a classic .
using a ramp , he shoots straight out of the top of the building's attic , and when he hits the ground , he just rides off in a cloud of dust .
the love scene between felicity and fat bastard , that redefines sex .
there are films which have managed to employ a radical shift in tone successfully ( jonathan demme's something wild and neil jordan's the crying game come to mind ) , but they didn't try to draw an audience with the promise of relatively innocuous entertainment .
an enraged shrek storms to the castle , only to find farquaad ( john lithgow ) ready to bargain .
henry needs this heist because he is unable to retrieve his original stash .
sad to say , it doesn't include my favorite urban legend : a fairly graphic antidote concerning richard gere and a very unhappy gerbil .
this tumultuous and little known period of modern african history saw a score of nations struggling for independence from the sometimes-odious colonialists who have ruled much of the world from their european seats of power for centuries .
as was amply evident after basic instinct , sharon stone can play sensual roles with great abandon .
don't get me wrong .
lord obnoxious wants to become king and the magic mirror from " snow white " has shown him the way .
after all , one thing that's been missing from woo's hollywood films is that certain hong kong funkiness that we all know and love ( well , some of us do ) .
okay , let me first say , this is a beavis and butthead movie .
what an auspicious beginning !
they became a couple because they were king and queen of the prom .
this effective demonstration of range prohibits the pigeonholing of mr . tarantino as simply a helmer of slick , hip crime dramas with fast-talking lowlifes , and heralds him as a bonafide multifaceted talent ; he's the real deal .
and why they chose john cusack , a great , quirky actor in his own right , to play the most bland , uninteresting and unfetching character ( with zero chemistry with either of his leads ) is further more , beyond me .
for a movie so smart a subtle up until that point , it felt like a slap in the face to be hand-fed a theme in such a simplistic way .
it's fast-paced and entertaining , if you've got incredible patience and a warped sense of humor .
the weather will keep getting colder until they " have to go to hell to warm up " ( one of the film's few funny lines ) .
it is a visceral and effective metaphor for a country which is being destroyed just as painfully .
cronenberg just slaps this weird organic-tech world into the viewers lap , and it's up to you to figure out how all these things work .
but that would be playing with fire .
the plot is rather simple : broderick plays a guy named steven who befriends his cable guy , played by carrey , then is stalked by him when steven tries to break off the relationship .
ians holm ( joe gould's secret ) and richardson ( 102 dalmatians ) log in great supporting roles , but the big surprise here is graham .
gradually her loneliness becomes apparent ( her husband's a naval officer , usually away at sea ) when her attempts to email him her concerns about beau are deleted and later , when a most unusual , yet chaste , romance turns tragic .
the last half of the film is very well done .
the clear standout , however , is julie christie , who is nothing short of delicious as the world-weary phyllis .
the relationship between dr evil , himself and mini me which redefines a solo love affair .
with his friends coming to rescue him , does he go with them and spend a few more years with andy , or does he go to japan and be immortalized forever ?
based on a book by jonathan hart , which was consequently based on a true account , " a civil action " is set in 1982 in the town of woburn , mass . , where personal injury lawyer jan schlictmann ( john travolta ) decides to take on the case of eight families who simply want an apology for their children's death from leukemia due to unknown causes .
in fact , it might as well be since the dialogue is virtually non-existent .
we saw the girl being born in nyc in 1979 , which seems to be the 'logical' place to look for satan according to the astrology charts of the visionaries .
of course , the rival wants control of his new personal identification system , which involves such latter-day buzzwords as gps , cellular tracking , and even mainframe .
he begins as a man who is determined to follow all laws no matter how unfair they may be .
as bright and resourceful as she was supposed to be , couldn't she come up with a better plot ?
it is both humorous and romantic in a very unique blend that can successfully entertain any audience for the nearly 2 and and a half hours that it occupies .
lumumba won't seek the help of the us , knowing that they would try to create de facto american control of the fledgling government .
everyone in the vessel is killed , except ripley .
but , casablanca stood out from the rest for me : it was actually watchable .
better jumping and acrobatics has been seen in xena : warrior princess .
living with his grandfather jehan ( jack warden ) in poverty , nello finds happiness in his life in spite of difficult times ( they are renting a spare one-room cottage , and the greedy , malevolent landlord who owns it threatens to throw them `out of the house' if they don't pay the rent ) .
just ask mr . furious ( ben stiller ) , the blue raja ( hank azaria ) , and the shoveler ( william h . macy ) .
ally sheedy , in a wonderfully understated performance , is one of the film's most pleasant surprises .
although the plot is highly predictable and one can actually predict the rest of the movie after about 45 minutes into the show , copycat survives from the moments of anticipation where the audience are held on to their seats , in anticipation of the killers next immediate move .
where's joblo coming from ?
he's also a skillful storyteller , as the movie's ending demonstrates .
>from ace ventura to truman burbank , jim carrey has run the whole gamut of comic , yet sympathetic , characters .
at that point it hit me : i didn't care for any of the characters being played by actors i didn't really like .
then de heer lets bubby out , brings him into contact with our world , and the film never quite recovers .
ultimately , this movie is as tiresome as it is explicit .
* yawn * i didn't care anymore by the time moses ran off for murdering an overseer ( which , of course , never happened in the original story - moses was exiled ) .
now if you also take into consideration that the original chainsaw massacre was a really bad movie , and that this isn't even the first sequel to it , you have a recipe for a very painful viewing experience .
he'll have sex-for-pay with them only after an elaborate courtship , charming them with temptations from the grown-up world .
as i've written before , it's not easy to write plot summaries for films like this , because everything needs to be a surprise .
they have released two separate editions of the film on dvd , to the delight of many people ( including myself . . .
there are enough surprises and plot twists in " frequency " to keep you on your toes , and as a result the movie avoids growing stagnant .
conveys : its ability to create an intoxicating mood of romance which can soften the stiffest shirt .
" why does no one ever have blood cover both sides of their face , but rather just one side ? "
it's created purely to entertain , and though i enjoy a thought-provoking drama as much as the next person , it's nice to see that films are still trying to do exactly what movies first tried to do : send us out with a smile .
the second half of the film takes place five years later , in an unnamed concentration camp , where guido , dora ( by her insistence ) , and their five-year old son , giosu=e9 ( giorgio cantarini ) , are deported .
both are untrue , because the film has quite a bit of action , and the dialogue was essential and well-written .
fans of the british tv films and mini-series like prime suspect or cracker would probably see a lot of similarities relentless series of movies .
when it finally presents an almost original idea , it falls flat because of its uncovered stupidity .
a year has passed and strange deaths begin to terrorise the city of san francisco .
you know , terrorists take over a plane , ask the police on the ground for what they what and so on .
he goofily tells the audience , at one point , that " how much of [spawn's] humanity is left remains to be seen , " as if the audience really cares as one violent sequence leads to another .
these three talented comic minds have squeezed every morsel of potential out of this premise , and the reward is a virtually guaranteed helping of hearty laughs .
the picture is also bolstered by beautiful cinematography that captures the devastation of this city that hosted the 1984 olympics .
one , the other or both are in nearly every scene .
a mercenary by trade , al simmons was nonetheless a warm man in love with the beautiful wanda .
the last time a monster scared me that much was when i first saw aliens as a six year old kid .
no telling said a lot about the harmful trends it sees science going in ; it probably said too much and would have been better off if its vision was more poetical and less didactic .
while " return to me " functions remarkably as a laugh-out-loud comedy , a romantic scenic tour through chicago , and a tearjerker , the story is set up so the film ends up having nowhere to develop .
kurt russell is o . k as jeff , although he can seemingly only pull of one expression , which is angry .
with the exception of the flamboyant , always-woozy rubell ( myers , in a well-modulated turn ) , the meaty stories to be told at studio 54 are not the workers' but those of the people who went there to party ; not necessarily the numerous vip guests , but the wild eccentrics who managed to be picked from the crowd by the club's famously hard-ass doormen and dance ( among other things ) the night away with the rich , famous , and infamous ( the only taste of the crowd comes by way of ellen dow's feisty dottie , a disco- and drug-crazed granny , but she's a peripheral character at best ) .
this is the fucnniest movie int he history of the world .
that's one of the film's mysteries which are never answered .
the film also posesses two fantastic performances from its two leads , and some good supporting work along with it .
it works just like the game it revolves around - showing us some of the cards , but still evokes the element of the unknown , and the consequences thereof .
and some people might think that what sam does for max towards the end is a valiant thing , but i had a few morality problems with it ( and i apologize for being vague ) .
as we watch these proceedings , some of which are painfully graphic , the dreaded " so what ? "
also boarding the ship is rich woman rose dewitt bukater ( winslet ) who is being forced into a marriage with a man she dosen't love at all , cal hockley ( zane ) so her family can remain rich .
i don't know if kumble was trying to evoke comedy or tragedy out of his opening scene where marci greenbaum ( tara reid ) whines about having nude photos of her posted on the internet , but the only emotion i felt was sheer boredom .
it has a vivid soundmix .
for a comedy , it offered me a few smiles , a bunch of nincompoops as characters , a miscast john travolta hamming it up and lisa kudrow , in what can only described as a " sluttier " version of her character of phoebe on tv's " friends " .
regardless , the special effects in this movie in many cases take away from the film rather than add to it .
this shockingly bitter candy definitely has a sour center .
perhaps this is an example of great fortitude , with no weapons but = wit .
he looks right for the role , is a brilliant actor , and slips effortlessly into the role , the way my two favorites jon pertwee and tom baker would .
a great deal of amusement also comes from watching bill murray in a supporting part that appears to have been written for his sly comedic talent ; murray's a stitch , especially when pulling up beside the van ryan limo after winning lombardo's case and flipping them off .
he brushes his friends off by telling them he isn't feeling well , then strolls over to the boss .
besides having almost no dialogue , his character appears stunted , zombie-like which is in line with his screen persona , but scores little points of empathy with the audience .
when he's not pointing the camera directly at himself , director costner does have a nice visual sense , and it is undeniably fascinating to see such an unabashedly jingoistic film in the trust-no-one 90's ; but by the time the second hour rolled around , i was reduced to sitting on my hands to keep from clawing out my own eyes .
meanwhile , sugiyama's wife ( hideko hara ) becomes suspicious of his late wednesday nights , and sets a private detective on her husband's trail .
for instance , jerry's apartment ( and especially his security ) is memorable .
but the film talks down to the viewer .
a little bit of his improvisationaly schtick goes a long way , and i sometimes feel as though i'm watching a 40-year-old class clown .
or maybe even show what dramatic talent he might have , like jim carrey did with the recent truman show .
it is probably the finest moment through out the film .
this allows parents to predetermine what kind of eye color , intelligence and life span they'd like for their child , and also eliminates most pesky chances of health defects .
however , thurman gives a lot of depth to the flat character .
the makers of " rush hour 2 " are working at a distinct advantage over the original .
in the hands of verhoeven , the mammoth sci-fi battle flick is one of the most astonishingly bad films ever made , a monument to inept filmmaking on a colossal scale .
" american pie " alums jason biggs and mena suvari star in this summer's attempt to capitalize on the youth market looking for a comedy about young people they can relate to that combines generic hollywood cute couple-ness and zany comedy .
as a messenger , she was quite effective .
everyone seemed a bit numb , understandable after sitting through a barrage of often-incongruous sounds and images .
for an actor of his calibre , this is most worrying .
yet no one is really going to complain because the ephrons know their audience - and what the paying public wants is hanks and ryan .
basically , kevin williamson is his worst enemy here .
there is tragedy in his past - his father drowned in a horrible boating accident , leaving truman with a dreadful fear of water , and of travel in general - but overall , life is good .
jonnie , assumed leader of the mining slave group , then manages to attain all psychlo and human intelligence through a learning machine terel forces him to use .
i can't even begin to start about the film's absurd plot ; but let's not get into that .
.
and that's what proyas seems to be inferring with the film , but never quite manages to convey in its fullest sense .
if you've seen the commericials you've seen all the " funny " parts ( which are all from the first five minutes ) .
it=92s one of the best filmed representations of a man=92s world falling apart that i=92ve seen .
but at least the indy ones last for a lifetime .
todd mcfarlane , the creator of the spawn comic book , must have had a tough time sitting through spawn , for his creativity and themes about resurrection and loss of identity were all being jettisoned in favor of reliable special effects , style over substance , ambience over anything else .
there is one particularly neat scene where a monster has been cut apart and reveals a victim that is still alive .
brosnan clearly relishes the chance to be the antithesis of 007 , investing the suave spy with a distinct reptilian quality coupled with an air of indifference that irks his fellows to no end .
ultra low budget but extremely inventive horror film about a group of friends vacationing in a cabin who accidentally awaken an evil force in the woods via the necronomicon , the book of the dead .
in fact , it is an invitation you ought to disregard .
there have been some updates .
when he is unceremoniously pulled from his vacation to help his colleague and friend with the big case , he still looks to have some fun .
the director , who bought us cronos , a far superior film , directs the film in a calm , and frankly dull movie .
in " spawn , " they are the story .
i can't remember the last time i've seen anything funner .
along for the wonders' ride to success is jimmy's perpetually neglected galpal , faye ( liv tyler ) .
forces of nature isn't about a man developing a fear of commitment ; it's about a man learning what commitment means _to him_ , learning that it's not what he thought it was .
? but , if you find them at least tolerable , get ready to sit back and chill because the spice girls are here to entertain you .
at another time we follow a young boy as he runs , searching for a hiding spot before finally squeezing into a toilet -- which is already occupied .
most of all , it contains an attempt to commercialize , homogenize , and mass-market a story about a manifestation of god .
look , if you have jackie chan playing a chef , why not use that to your advantage ?
the film set a new standard for special effects in film .
how to immediately grab my attention : open your movie with five dead guys in santa claus suits .
for those uninformed souls , the mad slasher genre ( or sub-genre ) is a melding of horror and exploitation elements put to the service of a plot that follows an identical outline : a usually masked but always crazed killer stalks and kills attractive teens a la halloween .
the care behind " pretty in pink " and " the breakfast club " all went out the window after his " home alone " franchise heated up the box offices .
better to wait for a climax , than to see one " .
williams owns a nightclub featuring drag queens where his partner performs as the featured star .
he is so quick to judge the enemy that he doesn't even realize his own seemingly programmed thought patterns .
what happens .
unusually directed by gus van sant , " good will hunting " overcomes the banalities of its story by affirming the emergence of fresh , new talent .
we learn late in the game that the kid belongs to fbi agent frank lacrosse ( dennis quaid ) , and that the kidnapper/killer is a nameless fiend that lacrosse has been tracking across the country for quite a while .
to that i say , you can give mariah carey a movie , but that certainly don't mean it should be done .
.
please do not read , to fully enjoy this movie you must not be able know what is coming , what exactly is over that hill and what that weird " hummm " sound is all about .
perhaps worst of all , `down to you' is not funny .
pressure is mounting at the wrong time .
he doesn't know much about the circumstances of her demise , all he has is a name : terry valentine .
in other words , it's a walter hill film !
in as good as it gets , the character in question is melvin udall , a successful novelist with obsessive-compulsive disorder who seems bent on having as little contact with people around him as possible , except when he feels like being a royal pain in the you-know-where .
perhaps the wildest thing of all is that somebody actually looked at this and thought it deserved to be in theaters .
never mind the fact everyone on the internet had already dissected and discussed the movie before it was even released .
it is clear that he is torn between the nielson ratings and truman's well being .
the fact that each character is so different from the others yet so similar shows that there are universal pains that all classes , races , and genders suffer .
definately one of the better ways to spend two hours .
swinton , whose pale-faced ethereal beauty has graced many of derek jarman's films ( " caravaggio , " " edward ii , " " the last of england " ) , plays margaret hall in " the deep end " and , like charlotte rampling in this year's " under the sand , " turns in a commanding and accomplished performance .
it's difficult to find anything in the film that does work .
catherine zeta-jones , in her brief role , gives a vivid portrayal of a women completely enamored with her own " charm " .
these verbose pimps had a smart answer for everything and never knew when to shut their face .
shakur and roth play ezekiel " spoon " whitmore and alexander " stretch " rome , two detroit buddies who share a spoken word/jazz trio , an apartment and a drug addiction with cookie ( thandie newton ) .
the company was set for an ipo in may 2000 . . .
when the designer declares that " everything is frustrating except designing clothes -- that's beautiful and liberating , " it fits perfectly with the image of him that unzipped has constructed .
the artist has a vision to create something new .
this plot device , which is seen in just about every action film made nowadays , is getting old fast .
soon , they find out that the whole thing has to do with aliens .
error .
and isn't that the point of the patriot ?
this film is a winner from beginning to end .
subsequent visits will turn his mind set upside down and backwards , though , as he comes to admire and even love the woman he set out to blackmail .
he does not get involved in the orgies .
why ?
sometimes brilliant , sometimes campy , the roman epic was the technicolor funeral pyre of classic hollywood .
every time he appears on the screen , the attitude of others is very uncomfortable and the creepy expressions he is able to create are effectively terrifying .
carrey is no jimmy stewart ; to his credit , he doesn't try to be .
men that are nothing , and has nothing to loose .
don't be fooled by the presence of up and coming talents matthew mcconaughey ( a time to kill ) and renee zellweger ( jerry maguire ) .
as opposed to what some fanatical internet sites would have you believe , sidney prescott ( neve campbell ) , now all-grown-up and constantly dealing with her pass in the constantly tormented sector of her psyche , is not living in hollywood fulfilling her dream to become an actress , but rather in upstate california , living , understandably , alone in the confines of fences and vast security systems .
they tossed in enough old film homages to keep me laughing .
thus , homer begins his worldly instruction , with new friend candy kendall ( charlize theron , the astronaut's wife ) a willing tutor .
he is divorced and his only connection to love is his daughter .
then again , when you watch people cry for their loved ones , it's obvious it will be emotional .
okay . so we know who the stalker is even before the movie starts ; no guesswork required .
but , still the part is under written in such a way that even a poor performance would not have affected it .
there are no earthworms , but there are some decidedly strange david lynch touches .
his wife is dead ! "
there's also a good sequence involving metal magnet neckbraces and spinning saw blades , but , again , a logic question comes into play regarding their polarity .
his girlfriend ( kristy swanson ) is fed up with his lifestyle and demands a change before she leaves him .
of the core group , the younger white men and women are all athletic , attractive and indistinct , like applicants for a tv reality show .
as far as the new teen cinema goes , it's at the top of the heap .
how about simply ditching the sidekicks altogether ?
this new advancement would change the world and save thousands of lives in the areas of russia , where millions are without heat and are freezing to death .
it's crap .
in the matrix , we were told that the humans are simply a virus .
we see key moments in people's lives that they wouldn't dare show to the world , and it captures the farscial comedy of life so accurately and acutely that this style , as ironically-showmanship as it really is , works perfectly for the nature of the film .
unfortunately , neither he , nor cinematographer-turned-director mikael salomon ( a far off place ) , applies it .
later , he meets tyler durden ( pitt ) , a soap salesman with a decidedly subversive outlook on life .
from this point on , the film is hypnotic , satisfying , and satirical .
it just takes a turn which means that an otherwise brilliant movie loses some of its gloss .
those days of the dark knight are gone , replaced by a psychedelic ice capades run amuck .
where the movie falls down is a bit more subtle .
the only reason i bother with this bit of information is because i feel bad admitting , time after time , that i haven't read any of the books on which these films are based ( the only exception , i believe , is great expectations ) .
robbins plays an exec who discovers his wife having sex with his boss .
to turn beatty's vehicle as a football player into rock's vehicle as a comic and add some racial humor .
but when the aliens begin to menace society , it may take the scientists' combined efforts to stop them before they terminate the evolution of another lifeform : humanity .
this film is being billed in some places as a " family " movie .
aside from being asked to accept michael mcglone as a mafioso ( an insult if you ask me ) the performances were pretty good .
is bulworth offensive ? ?
he is taken prisoner along with some other humans , and tries his best to escape his simian captors .
this almost universal belief is the both the strength and weakness of director steven spielberg's latest " serious " film .
i didn't even finish the movie . . .
the story is so simple my grandmother could have adapted the screenplay .
.
to anyone familiar with computers and/or the internet , most of the movie is so incredibly stupid that you can't take it anymore .
and all of that is terrifically and shamelessly brought to light in what might be the funniest movie this summer .
with an expression-challenged cast , " final fantasy " mixes turgid action scenes with heaps of mystical shit .
sumptuous-looking and only mildly stuffy , the film charts the madness that plagued king george iii ( hawthorne ) almost 30 years into his reign .
the film only gets better from this point .
do you ?
julia roberts and nick nolte are fine separately and together .
* note : see the uncut print from japanese laserdisc if you can .
the structure of the film is annoying , repetitive and pretentious .
the spoiled title character of _onegin_ ( pronounced oh-negg-in ) is waiting on death to relieve him after a lifetime of rapacious behaviour .
my wife managed to get some sleep during the movie , but i was not so lucky .
the story is full of very shallow characters that don't do much other than subsist .
tommy lee jones returns to his role as chief deputy samuel gerard , the grizzly cop who was after harrison ford in the fugitive .
holy man
for her to do photos for " frame , " lucy demands that syd be promoted to editor and assigned to her since lucy fancies her .
the only saving grace for wild wild west come mostly in the form of special effects .
lee touches on so much -- the media , the 70's punk scene , the details of the actual killings , as well as the characters' very personal dilemmas -- but he doesn't bring all of his topics together to form a coherent theme or make a discernible statement .
turns out i was right , mostly .
october sky is a rare oddity in cinema : a self-proclaimed " uplifting " film that is actually uplifting !
murphy would rather give his character a spiffy wardrobe than a spiffy personality .
after kicking the english out of scotland , he decides to invade england .
along the way , kermit befriends his now famous muppet companions , beginning with fozzie bear , who had been spending his days doing stand-up comedy at the el sleezo cafe , owned by james coburn .
it's predictable from the first scene , the screenplay is written like a rip-off of a photocopied bootlegged play .
during the first day , his wife has left him , his married girlfriend informs him she's pregnant and his agent is in town with a six-foot transvestite in tow .
but even though plots have always been second to the action in jackie's films , it seems odd that the filmmakers have stuck us with this tired retread .
both appear to be sleepwalking their way through the parts , as if they know that their contribution to the film is one of advancing the plot rather than developing a multi-dimensional individual .
if the racist and sex jokes don't bother you , the performances will .
the latter is really too bad .
he's quite obviously in desperate need of chemical help .
warriors on the other hand , are ready to go to war at the drop of a hat , and will do combat with every last bit of their energy .
and when he becomes aware of eve ( natasha henstridge ) , a half-human , half-alien clone of the monster from the first film being studied in a government lab , patrick's primary focus turns to her -- " if these two were to mate , the resulting pure strain of offspring would be unstoppable " warns dr . laura baker ( marg helgenberger , gamely reprising her role ) with admirable conviction .
the only likable person in the film is the very pregnant sheriff ( frances mcdormand ) who hunts down the killers while eating at every possible opportunity .
he easily milks his lovable character's comic moments for all they're worth , and his rendering of two of the little mermaid's big tunes -- " under the sea " and " kiss the girl " -- have become the stuff of legend .
i think most viewers may miss the comparison , but it is a very intriguing ingredient in the film .
his portrayal has sparked some controversy in britain , some claim that he falsely represents his countrymen as " cowardly " and " sadistic . "
and the alien ripley scenario is ultimately not exploited to its full potential ; i would have liked deeper exploration into the quandary of becoming one of the species she has spent her entire life trying to destroy .
sand's temptation is that this will give him a chance to practice medicine again albeit illegally , big chunks of cash to fuel his habit and close proximity to the gangster's womanfriend claire ( angelina jolie ) , this film's babe factor .
allie ( foster ) is a radio astronomer .
if only silvio had worked or been allowed to work a little longer on the script .
still , the chance to see newman , sarandon and hackman working together is worth a cramp or two .
you just have to know how bad bad can be .
he directs wonder boys in an appropriately dour style , the comedy coming from the false gloom his characters put up .
he and cinematographer remi adefarasin have crafted a film with a rich color palette that is a feast for the eyes .
in one scene , he and a friend , colin seagrave ( peter macneill ) recreate james dean's car crash without any padding or safety belts , and suffer some concussions , but nevertheless get a rush ( and the attention of the police ) .
steven spielberg is picked on in particular .
at 125 minutes of material , this movie cost over one point four million dollars per minute to make .
considering the rumors of incest that hang over jolie and her supposed obsession with death , having lara be obsessed with resurrecting her dead father ( and uninterested in any of the living males around her ) seems a poor choice .
lumet places his actors in the frames like fruit in a still life painting .
the stars deserved better , and so did the audience .
jan originally decides to drop the case , but when he stumbles across to corporate giants , grace and beatrice foods , who have plants located near the families' homes , he sees all of the pieces suddenly fall into place : the two companies have been leaking harmful chemicals into the nearby lake which , thus , goes into the city's drinking water .
there is so much going on in " moulin rouge " that " musical " seems too small a term to cover it .
i can't completely trash this movie .
no matter .
that's the question they must face : comfort or real experiences ?
this isn't a film that is going to win accolades for its performances , and the actors know this .
these bugs are an equally wonderful assortment to anything in " toy story " : foppish walking stick slim ( david hyde-pierce ) , german caterpillar heimlich ( joe ranft ) , quick-tempered and insecure male ladybug francis ( denis leary ) , pretentious praying mantis manny ( jonathan harris ) , his assistant butterfly hypsy ( madeliene kahn ) , spider rosie ( bonnie hunt ) , and two fleas , tuck and roll ( michael mcshane ) , who speak in undiscernable jibberish .
the film stars eddie murphy as a mystical-ish figure named g on a strange journey of some sort when he comes across two network execs ( jeff goldblum and kelly preston ) with a flat tire on their hands .
if you've ever seen any hollywood blockbuster before , i really don't have to spend too much time on frivolous plot details : the two team up for various jobs , stealing various things for various purposes .
one scene , in which a man is interrogated by the cops , is loaded full of menacing energy as they fire off a gun inches from his ears , and suggest his deafness through a cleverly edited soundtrack .
he is a productive member of the community and goes about his daily routine much like you and me .
and who better than billy crystal .
we just have love . "
a missed opportunity .
he goes to jail -- which is interesting -- only to break out five cinematic minutes later with the help of his friend , buddy ( ving rhames ) .
felix is happy with his life in dieppe , but when the ferry company he works for falls prey to the economics of the chunnel , he is out of a job and at loose ends .
why is spawn so bad ?
robert zemeckis , back from the euphoria created by his last film , forrest gump , once again proves his mastery in fusing tales of adventure with along the endearing lines of human spirit .
waiting seven months for the thuggish skinheads to forget about the incident entirely , steve shaves his head , dresses in combat boots and suspenders , tattoos his flesh with nazi symbols , and tries to infiltrate the gang .
the old gang , however , wants to do one more job with their old buddy and sends a rabid richard widmark type to go and git ? im .
the dramatic comedy cousins has all the necessary ingredients : a witty and whimsical script , inspired performances , a great sense of humor , a large and wonderful cast , and the beautiful scenery of vancouver .
of course , the secretary was really her daughter page ( hewitt ) and the whole thing was a set-up .
the african-american characters in the film are constantly shown as sexually assaulting drug abusers who are always on a joyride looking for someone to accost .
cliff , her would-be boyfriend , acts creepy and sides with the network big-shots , even though he loved everything she did .
yet despite bobby's constant aggravation and agitation with his partner , a bond of affection and loyalty binds them .
williams delivers a nice dramatic turn ; affleck , a hot up-and-coming actor himself ( chasing amy ) , turns up in a warm and charming performance as will's best friend ; and the ever-appealing minnie driver shines as will's harvard-schooled love interest .
this one's not even worth the rental , fellas .
together with d'artagnan , they fight to extricate the queen ( catherine deneuve ) from the traps that febre and richelieu are trying to plant .
not nearly enough .
in chad , writer/director labute and actor eckhart have created one of the most chilling monsters ever committed to film-hannibal lector may eat human flesh , but chad is an eater of souls .
we spent all of this money making big special effects , and we've gotta get this movie out by summer or it's going to bomb in our faces .
( pun intended ) it's a moving picture with great performances , no shakespearian speak ( thank you , god ! ) and an outstanding directorial job by nelson .
the most absurd character , however , is the babysitter's boyfriend who seems catatonically brain-dead .
the first great thing about u-571 is the film's opening sequence .
he's the kind of guy i'm sure we've all met before , a blowhard who thinks he's always right and will do anything in his power ( be it yell , argue , insult ) to hoist his opinion onto others .
chad and howard are archetypes , examples of which you can no doubt find in your own place of business .
just don't be too upset if you can't find it .
this character is viciously evil ; he kills women and children and then laughs about it on the way home ; even his eyes are evil .
but she has no part ! ! !
even more than in the us , it is an excuse for a lavish and extravagant family get-together .
in predictably rapid succession , billie and dice fall for each other , she starts hitting it big , dice gets jealous and starts acting like an ass , and suddenly billie's on " the roller coaster of superstardom . "
smith and scorsese have a lot in common , and so do the two films in question , because both smith's bethany and scorsese's jesus are hollow shells without their faith .
american pie , final destination , road trip didn't get such hot reviews and i loved those guilty pleasures .
also on the topic of flaws , the robotics that the advanced life form creates seem to move extremely slowly , why ?
although christopher has distanced himself from the finished film , he still must shoulder some of the blame for _54_'s lifelessness .
there are many nice special effects , mostly dealing with numerous common objects floating around in zero-gravity .
she may want to consider this to become her standard look from this point forward .
the second-rate ones concentrate on just one of these aspects .
director/writer : luc besson producer : luc besson , claude besson starring : jean reno , natalie portman , gary oldman , danny aiello
the two actors have arresting chemistry with one another -- the best scene in the film , by far , is the seduction scene .
winslet is great also , and her transistion from a well mannered rich girl to a rebelous young adult is pretty smooth .
how is it they hire hundreds of extras , and none of them could drive a boat , and yet truman , fearful of water , is helming a sailboat effortlessly ?
this is a bizarre dark comedy about the human mind and its change in different situations .
actor bruce dern , who plays the throwaway role of the gatekeeper in this film , was once nominated for an oscar for best supporting actor for his role in coming home .
this makes no sense what so ever and only takes away from the story , a story that is full of holes and is extremely predictable .
? beatty is so good that bulworth , despite his shortcomings as a human being , is an entirely sympathetic and likable character almost from the beginning .
however , the threat in this case comes not from any terrorist , but from someone who is already dead . . .
bah , humbug !
but he has to fight a 'matrix skipping' bad guy , who wants to send him back to his own world or destroy him .
in the scene where commodus kills his father , phoenix shows the pain of a son who has never had his father's love or pride .
when everything that could go wrong does go wrong for both sides , the spaceship is warped to an unknown destination , and now the premise of being lost in space is complete .
it's fun to admire the awfulness of a film like this , but that doesn't excuse the fact that it is , indeed , awful .
and though elizabeth works well on many levels , it falls short of excellence because of that very reason .
the reason " toy story 2 " works where other movie sequels fail is that it refuses to just capitalize on the original's success by re-doing the same story and using the same characters .
but what keeps the movie from being throwaway junk is an engaging chain of surprises ( some predictable , some not ) that never seems to end .
when it comes to acting , the movie is also flawless .
sometimes utterly hilarious , sometimes almost deadly serious , the patlabor series explores the interpersonal relationships of the special vehicle crewmembers , and also looks at the effects of technology on modern life .
in fact , it moves like a tortoise with arthritis ( read : very , very s-l-o-w . )
some thought had gone into making them a bit different but unfortunately they end up being just plain boring .
the lights go down , our hearts race , we go through ten minutes of preview and finally the movie we've been waiting to see for a long time comes on .
it stars sean connery , who can still carry an action film despite his age , catherine zeta-jones , a likeable enough film presence , and ving rhames , ultra-cool star of pulp fiction and mission : impossible .
and ruthless people .
see ?
gwtw was the first movie to take real advantage of the most revolutionary technology available -- technicolor .
this is precisely why it was so much fun for me watching the original nosferatu .
seen september 13 , 1998 at 4 p . m at rotterdam square mall cinema 6 , theater #2 , with chris wessell for free using my sony/loews critic's pass .
it is grim and savage and appalling , but also strangely tender--de heer , having imagined a life as bizarre as bubby's , does not exaggerate for comic or grotesqe purposes , but simply empathizes .
although comparisons can be made with this film to deliverance ( 1972 ) and the vanishing ( 1993 ) plot wise , the latter two are far superior character and script wise .
he is taken in and is subsequently transported on a commerical plane to la .
it has no obvious resolution and not much of a final act .
why ?
all across america , the counter-culture was growing like wildfire , but there was scant evidence of it on tv .
welles agrees , and soon gets pulled into the seedy underworld of porn movies , with video clerk max california ( phoenix ) as his guide .
well . . .
it would be easy to dismiss " spawn " as just another one of those heavy-on-fx , short-on-substance action pics , but it doesn't even work on that level .
she figures that if she gets the triangle , she can bring her dad back from the dead .
there are movies that pose a question in its first five minutes and spend the rest of the time trying to answer it .
peacemaker deals with the theft of nuclear weapons by terrorists , which is obviously nothing new .
meanwhile sonny bribes julian with sugary talk , food , toys , and flashy promises in order to get the kid to perform .
synopsis : when a meteorite crashlands in the arizona desert , community college professors ira kane ( duchovny ) and harry block ( jones ) are first on the scene .
and for those film buffs who are fond of the original , burton's version includes a couple tips of the hat to that movie .
one of my favorite films to go watch is plan 9 from outer space .
joey lauren adams is much , much better , and deserves a far better film than this trash .
the movie was desperately marketed to the anti-phantom menace crowd , the same lovelorn females who ignored the love letter .
just how inseparable is the team of sgt .
there's only 15 or so people left on the ship .
it's enjoyable , appropriate , cute , cuddly , and all of those other things that i've been seeing in every movie since a bug's life .
jim dale provides one of his best carry on performances as the stupid sanitary engineer , and angela douglas is very effective in her role as the revengeful daughter .
well , 1999 has two of them , the other being the instant classic about a very dysfunctional family , american beauty .
upon first viewing of this movie , the phrases " been there " and " done that " come quickly to mind .
one of the problems in adapting full-blown fantasies is that fantasy is often best left to the imagination of the reader , rather than being subjected to the 'realism' of the screen .
so , we've established that life is beautiful is not a " holocaust comedy " .
at first glance , it appears that the home alone movies are brainless slapstick intended for those with minds of 8-year olds .
it focuses on one of the characters desperately running for her life .
dark city simply puts " spawn " to shame .
let's hope the rest of america will be able to see the nephew .
these are standard haunted house film shock effects that require no great talent to give the audience .
credit weir for his second stroke : the casting of carrey .
honestly .
to trot out a clich ? , " shrek " is fun for all ages .
in the trailers it looks like a good scary , action film and ends up being a boring , long and preposterous drama that leads into something else that leaves us with questions .
gloria runs 1 : 48 .
annie ( sandra bullock ) is in the wrong place at the wrong time again .
swingers revolves around mike's half-hearted and awkward efforts to get back in the social swing of things .
when emperor commodus announces that new games will be held in the colisseum , proximo takes his gladiators there to do battle .
he's also dying .
his gift for comedy is marvelously understated and hilarious .
i really would have liked it better if , say , they delved more into dr . moreau's obsession , montgomery's purpose in the story and justification to as why the beast-people had to rebel .
self centered , julian breaks a school classmate's arm without apologizing or even realizing he has done anything wrong .
although i will preface this by saying that one thing that would definitely enhance your appreciation for this film is your own love ( or past love ) of heavy metal music and the whole scene around it .
this guy is beyond forgetful , venturing into the certifiable .
rather , you adopt the opinion that the characters are so goofy and so unaware of the trouble that they're in , that you stop caring about who lives , who dies and where the story goes .
colqhoun is different .
bad enough that they can't see each other ( although we know nello and aloise , don't we ? ) , but that's only the start of nello's troubles .
this is director jonathan glazer's first film , but he has reputedly done some notable tv ads for guinness stout .
jim plays the adult version of joe and does a impressive job starting the film off , and then tying it up just right .
hmmmmm .
supergirl , a spin-off film of sorts from the series' same producers ( alexander and ilya salkind ) , doesn't even rival superman iii in terms of quality , let alone superman or superman ii .
preceding the very original " a soldier's story " and the recently released " the hurricane , " " in the heat of the night contains some classic lines and some very memorable characters .
at a running time of slightly under an hour and a half , mulan moves quickly and provides solid entertainment for both children and , happily , adults .
and i laughed at rob ( john cusack ) , the jeff bridges type , whom the story revolves around .
stephen holden of `the new york times' had more than a share of beatings to lay upon a dog of flanders via pen writing .
the other films have relied on this type of storytelling , but because of the limits of the technology at the time , the films' screenplays were also limiting .
palm pictures ( the company that released the offbeat , but entertaining six-string samurai ) is the company releasing the film and considering that their main focus is the dvd market , i can imagine that a disc will be available once the film has left theaters .
his attempts to inject humanity into the profession result in several bouts with expulsion , and the movie climaxes with patch's appearance before the state medical board .
for the sake of brevity , i won't even get into that one .
additionally , bill maynard as fred moore is very poor .
li is ruthless in his approach , will kill anyone just to make a point , and develops enormous disdain for the two detectives .
" quest for camelot " is missing pure showmanship , an essential element if it's ever expected to climb to the high ranks of disney .
though i'd like to give this movie a double thumbs down , there were some nice sequences .
judith's life does start to brighten a little when , one night when she gets home to her apartment late , strikes up a conversation with the elevator operator , pat ( danny devito ) , a lonely man in his fifties whom has lost his daughter recently .
now trapped in a foreign land without adequate aid from the american embassy , lawyer shen yuelin ( bai ling ) defends his case by initially pleading guilty to the charge of murder .
there is something jarring , something unsettling about seeing the pictures in color , when so much of the footage from world war ii is in black and white .
" it's clear the film doesn't want to waste time on reality and thus the attempt to establish plausability ( the most minimal amount necessary ) comes across as a half-assed effort .
the romantic couplings of the characters are interesting in that they illustrate the multiple faces of love .
rather complex ( in fact more than it needs to be ) " monkey bone " had potential in the script and even the story .
see it while you can .
the birdcage was critically acclaimed , as was this years chasing amy .
thing is , the film doesn't feel like it's been lifted from somewhere else ; " chicken run " feels fresh , alive , like nothing else ever done .
but whenever he approaches her with another one of his theories , she shrugs him and his beliefs off , continually noting that one day she is going to slap a restraining order on him .
shandling is chosen for the mission , is given the name harold anderson , and is set up as a banker in seattle .
the alien series is known for having stronger stories than most creature features .
i really do not know what middle america will make of the most outrageous character of the film , ruby rhod ( chris tucker ) , a flamboyant disc jockey who makes dennis rodman look conservative--he makes a raucous entrance dressed in an animal print dress , sporting a blonde hairdo in the shape of a hair dryer , speaking in high pitches at rapid fire speed .
tobey maguire did a fine job , but his character which , perhaps , was the most intact , sensible person in the story , seemed a little lost .
american pie is in the tradition of bachelor party or revenge of the nerds .
it's too oppressive .
he occasionally falls into ace ventura mode , shrieking and being silly , but generally the audience is watching subdued carrey .
i learned very little about the entertainment business from permanent midnight and a whole lot about an egotistical lunkhead .
it's just awful : spiritless , silly and unforgivably boring , transforming the timeless classic into a mish-mash of old-as-time clich ? s and incoherent , repetitive action sequences .
said story , of a fatal school bus accident in the small town of sam dent , british columbia , that shatters the morale of the locals , is told in a most unstraightforward manner .
it happens every now and then , and it only helps sutherland's career that no one , except for an elite few , even bothered to see this film .
and so on .
these two characters work together perfectly , and the performances by each actor are nearly perfect .
back in london gang boss teddy bass ( ian mcshane , tv's lovejoy ) is planning to break into a safety deposit room in a bank and he wants gal .
i would imagine , for a film of this caliber , that maximum hours of work were spent where they were needed the most .
his amarcord theme is probably one of the most recognisable , most popular and most relaxing and uplifting pieces of film music ever produced .
the rest of the " slaves " barely exist other than dressing for the set .
oliver platt , famke janssen , and even sean bean are decent actors , but the stuff they are given here -- such as a bedridden wife fighting off the token black guy with her crutch -- is insulting and demeaning .
it is the power of the human mind and conviction that make miracles happen .
for those first 40 minutes , he manages to make a tired premise interesting , adding in aspects of unique flavor into a rip-off story , and that's something that not too many writers can do .
travolta is cool , deadly charming and flamboyant as the near-crazy gabriel .
and harry grows ever more fretful , fearing the consequences if his clients , not to mention his wife , learn about his lies .
after taking a personal ( and professional ) interest in her , he finds work at the local fast food restaurant at which she works , and the fun goes on from there .
opinion : if you're looking for a romance with a happy ending , look no further ; you've found one here .
this has all the makings of a first-rate thinking man's science fiction film .
even though there is no real plot to speak of and the jokes are getting bluer due to the new scriptwriter dave freeman , there are enough truly comical moments and bright and breezy performances to lift this carry on above many of its predecessors .
felix makes the snap decision to journey to the south , puts together a supply of " cocktails " for his hiv virus , kisses daniel goodbye and heads off on foot .
the only real problems i had was the special effects .
" twilight " also squanders a fine supporting cast : stockard channing ( harry's friend on the police force ) , reese witherspoon ( jack & catherine's bratty kid ) , giancarlo esposito ( the humorous sidekick ) , john spencer ( harry's nemesis on the force ) , liev schreiber and margo martindale ( the blackmailers ) , and james garner ( a cop who bailed movie stars out of trouble ) .
there is but one fight sequence about fifteen minutes in ( not counting a ludicrous scene where two teenage girls beat up several dozen trained martial artists -- another misguided attempt at humour ) .
i don't mean to ramble on about matters not directly linked to watchers reborn , the movie .
the participants include vera ( whoopi goldberg ) and merrill ( lanai chapman ) , a newly reunited mother and daughter ; disgraced pro football referee owen templeton ( cuba gooding jr . ) ; italian tourist mr . pollini ( rowan atkinson ) ; randy pear ( jon lovitz ) and his family ; the bumbling con men duane and blaine cody ( seth green and vince vieluf ) ; and cynical young lawyer nick shaffer ( breckin meyer ) .
other than letting a supporting character named newt go unscathed , what's missing from the big green is a better integration of music and comedy .
as the town's only police officer , he issues a speeding ticket to a man whose father has just died .
in desperate need of funds , max and page head for palm beach to replay the scam .
mean , an evil man .
cruella then becomes ella -- dog lover -- until the plot twists , like a dog with his leash caught on the back of a moving truck , and she becomes the evil vixen again .
note : some may consider portions of the following text to be spoilers .
the story is also well-written , and the characters voiced with talent .
and i know that , maybe , with u-turn , you were just kicking back , just having fun .
after the familiar 'a long time ago . . . . '
the results shown on screen are amazing considering the film's tiny budget , constant location changes , and a filming schedule that was sporadic over two years .
and gordy !
starring : wesley snipes , anne archer , michael chaykin , donald sutherland , marie matiko .
also good ( and funny ) in his role is henry winkler ( " the fonz " ) as the school principal .
he works it like a theatrical production , with a first act and a second act .
second worst , and closely related , is the screenplay .
which is good if you like fighting scenes .
i hate to say that i don't agree , but i don't .
however , the spirit of the film takes a raunchy turn , and instead , marvin spends most of his time trying to subdue or satiate his voracious appetite and his animalistic , sexual urges .
the fart jokes surrounding the spleen are surprisingly the only gags that work .
it's amazing that after an hour of trite dialogue and generic plot devices that so little happens .
just awful .
action .
the film spends over half an hour tracking the case of a nun who was beaten and raped to near death .
in this movie , as in awakenings , there comes a point when the quiet , shy man accomplishes something of great personal importance , and a smile of pure joy spreads up to his eyes .
no one in this movie can act , including mark hamill , and it's difficult seeing the aged luke skywalker stumble around trying to be the hero .
and it's all so boring .
and every movie or soap opera character in these flicks seems to have expert sexual prowess .
and , once again , we have one of the worst films of the year .
streets of fire isn't the greatest movie ever made , but it occupies a totally unique little niche , and enjoys the position it has .
set in 1692 at salem , massachusetts , the crucible opens with a group of teenage girls passionately singing and dancing around a boiling cauldron in the middle of a forest under the glow of a full moon .
now , with the magic of cgi , one shark is simply not enough ; in deep blue sea , there are 3 big , mean and really smart ones !
starring : tim curry and susan sarandon
as an actor , he was able to convincingly portray bulworth's depression , then liberation and rebirth .
cinematographer ivan bird uses a lot of half lit scenes .
his unblemished record of victories soon captures the attention of one of the most prestigious firms in the country , headed by john milton ( al pacino ) .
he does so , and finds out that he can do anything , be anything he wants to be .
this is not an insult to gere , as i consider him to be a rather talented actor  but more the choice of character and responsibility of his role .
shanta has a small circle of male admirers .
the story is not very easy to follow .
this is appropriate considering that miramax ( which used to place their label on some of the most artistically daring films ) has quickly become a grindhouse for coddling foreign imports ( life is beautiful ) and freddie prinze jr . vehicles .
playing off the audience expectations that there will be a simple explanation for what is going on .
after dying in a car crash , on his birthday of all days , brooks wakes up in judgement city , a satirical rendition of purgatory where higher beings evaluate the lives of newly deceased earthlings .
it is so discouraging to watch a film and want to shout at the main character ( not ) to do something .
meanwhile , when the detectives aren't reloading their guns or running from fireballs , they're engaged in sophomoric banter and silly conversations that provide a nice diversion from the hail of bullets .
only one of the subplots is remotely interesting , while the rest are forgettable and boring .
a taut drama laced with strong and subtle acting , an intelligent script , and masterful directing , together it delivers something virtually unheard of in the film industry these days , genuine motivation in a story that rings true .
even charlize theron , who i was convinced couldn't act , did a decent job in cider house rules .
" very bad things , " which is actor peter berg's feature film directing debut , is the shockingly perverse and wicked comedy that , " there's something about mary , " wanted to be .
the movie is played for fun and nobody seems to think otherwise .
for = his wife , who is separated from him , he must find ways to communicate to = her that he is all right .
he has a rudimentary grasp of language , mouthing monosyllables and repetitions of his mother's phrases .
sultry sexpot/real estate agent sandra dunmore ( patricia arquette ) is married to jake , a " creative yet unfocused " ( and alcoholic ) advertising rep , played by dermot mulroney .
no need to worry ; " scream 3 " is endlessly inventive and entertaining , a fine epilogue to the series that made kevin williamson a household name , reinvented the horror genre , and continued in the self-referential , post-modern tradition of quentin and co .
groeteschele takes it so far as to say that if the u . s . drops the warhead on moscow , the soviets will * instantly * surrender , for to retaliate would invite counter-measures that would further destroy russia's home soil--which must be preserved at all costs .
- the title means " don't let me die on a sunday . "
unfortunately , the fundamental problem audiences are faced with here isn't so much the idiotic monotony of this individual picture , but the poor quality of the entire bankrupt genre ( although , to be fair , deep rising is a particularly bad entry ) .
if the film had been just a subtle lesson in poker-playing , then the ending is our test .
this was after the film's production company , cinergi pictures , preferred the cut made by producer/writer joe eszterhas to his .
( remember bob ? )
it's biggest flaw is actually its short running time .
this may be true , and it might actually work , but there is only one problem -- jan de bont is not hichock and the things that he shows are not scary , only stupid .
rosemary's baby stars mia farrow ( from the time she was actually good-looking ) as an innocent housewife and her not-so-innocent husband ( john cassavettes ) , an actor who takes an easy , albeit evil , road to success .
coupled with deft directing by michael chelsom ( director of the very unfunny town and country and the very funny funny bones ) and the use of time-lapse camera work to illustrate the passage of years -- the film comes off with genuine believability and sincerity .
they talk about their fears and kevin learns that age alone does not make you less afraid .
most fundamentally , it's just plain interesting to follow along as director peter weir shows us just how they can capture a person's life without the person realizing it -- how they coordinate extras , hide cameras and feed automatic lines to actors .
" the grumpiest old men of all , really " ) seems just another entry in a tired series .
" you know , for kids " - norville barnes
can this be the same man ?
the women are underused .
it kind of rolls off the tongue , in the spirit of phrases like sanguine vapors and velvet sandwich .
walsh ) , taking him and others hostage , and proclaiming he has been framed .
standing out among my favorites .
when the movie poses the question will stahl be saved ?
it has a family friendly atmosphere and is never really scary or suspenseful enough to even scare the youngest of kids .
the year is 1985 and sandler plays robbie hart , the eponymous wedding singer , a job aspiring rock stars often settle for .
always reliable character actor scott glenn provides some comic relief as navy aviator and ( arguably ) first american man in space alan shepard .
the one misstep of " at first sight " is in its treatment of the medical procedure done on virgil .
cinematographer matthew f . leonetti has had a long career of shooting action flicks and gives " rh2 " the fluid camera movement the genre film needs .
" the plot stops here "
finally , and this covers the final hour of the movie , grammer has to lead his men ( and holly ) to overcome the other ships in a wargames exercise .
the alien is loose and no one believes ripley's outstanding story .
gabriela is watching television one day when she spots an advertisement for a firm whose line of work is perfectly attuned to her interests .
conversely , " chicken run " doesn't lean on its parodies -- the film references are never the sole focus of any scene .
baldwin , though he occasionally slips into an impression of his brother alec , does a fine job as one tough cop .
as the six team up to put on the show of their lives , they run into a few problems .
we first see young max keeble ( alex d . linz , home alone 3 ) as a pint-sized superhero , delivering newspapers with the pinpoint accuracy of a david beckham cross , foiling the diabolical plans of the evil ice cream man ( jamie kennedy , jay and silent bob strike back ) and landing the neighborhood honey ( brooke anne smith ) , who , by the way , is the hottest chick in a disney film since emmanuelle chriqui played claire boner in snow day .
however , he is forced into a violent confrontation when his family are threatned and replacement killers are brought in to do the job .
television is what's wrong with deep impact .
another example would be " star wars , " which had a very , very healthy box office gross despite the fact that we had all seen it about 3 billion times before .
charlie is infatuated with her namesake uncle , her " soul mate " as she calls him since her mother gave her his name .
leoni ends up in the anchor chair , broadcasting every step of the comet's collision course with earth .
the film delivers several serious messages , the most important of which is one's ability to choose one's own fate .
unfortunately , by the time we have come to really get interested in him , he . . . well ,
this got to me .
pi , a film that addresses patterns , itself intentionally adheres to an identifiable pattern cycle -- headache scene ; important revelation or bit of plot development ; pill-popping montage ; hallucinatory nightmare ( with decidedly cronenberg-esque undertones -- few other directors are as equally adept in bridging unsettling concepts and body-themed horror ) ; nosebleeding reality .
however , i am not denying the movie's greatness .
all three made you think , made you wonder what is real , what isn't , and if our world is just a huge game .
these dudes needed no prompting to talk , as they just love to brag about about themselves .
warning : spoiler follows in next paragraph .
opinion : it's a movie about an embittered creep teaching a little kid to be a jerk , and we all get cheap laughs because for 90 minutes the innocent kindergartner never finds out what it means when he mimics all the bad boy behavior .
rob schneider stars as the title character , a scruffy fish tank cleaner who ends up becoming a " man-whore " to raise enough money to replace a wealthy client's custom made fish tank , which deuce destroyed while staying in his home .
squandering an intriguing premise , the original film turned out to be a dreadful mess , widely disliked by both audiences and critics alike -- and nonetheless still somehow succeeded in becoming a financial success , raking in over $60 million domestic during the competitive summer season despite a distinct lack of star power in its cast ( ben kingsley's a splendid actor , but a marquee name he ain't ) .
this turns out to be su hua-chi , a legendary master of drunken-style kung fu .
madonna ( first warning sign ) stars in body of evidence as a woman who has piles of money and no apparent job ; she lives on a houseboat and likes to parade around semi-naked , presumably for the edification of the shrimp .
in a day ? !
director paul verhoeven and writer joe eszterhas , who collaborated on another shock-value project , 1992's " basic instinct , " follow the plight of a young woman ( teen tv star elizabeth berkley ) determined to make a name for herself as a topless dancer .
although williams turns in one of his least inspired roles , he is easily the most lively of the actors .
grammer probably did something even worse -- got really drunk and agreed to appear in a movie he knew nothing about .
first and foremost , `sleepy hollow' is a fun horror film .
his house looks like an immaculate museum ? with no television , microwave , word processor , or other technological gadgets , only the electric lights betray that he's living in the twentieth century , not the nineteenth .
the most interesting character ( and that's not saying much ) is killed off .
we work in our jobs doing things step by step , and want out .
take the ruggedly handsome victor plaza ( liberto rabal ) , for instance .
and this certainly isn't quality .
i did .
it uses a fancy way to tell a story that would be better off told more conventionally and more comprehendably .
and in actual fact , it does .
it's based on a great book , ``the haunting of hill house , '' by shirley jackson .
he encounters a group of norse warriors who convince him to join them on a mysterious journey to be taken by 13 men .
it seems criminal that the film was released direct to video in most countries , because it's an absolute must-see for sci-fi fans and a treat for anyone who enjoys decently acted and written thrillers with a kooky bent .
while malkovich goes for the outrageous and john cusack ( as a u . s . marshal ) goes for earnest , cage looks like he just wants to go to sleep .
that said , there's still plenty to watch here .
the point of the movie was that homosexuality , even in the politically correct 90s , is ridiculously perceived as a threat to a mostly heterosexual society .
this time around , however , warner bros . may have gotten it right with analyze this , a movie that hits its targets more than it misses . . . and
simon is a dwarf , who was not supposed to last through the night after birth due to a weak heart .
the manifold stresses of our world do not shatter bubby's mind , do not fragment him into psychosis ; rather , the world accomodates him , and heals him .
a monkey !
inside the locker is a duffel bag containing $2 million .
this time we have a somewhat sympathetic and somewhat hatable villain ( the same guy ) , mr . freeze .
movies are supposed to entertain .
fincher normally injects a lot of symbolism into his films , and i can easily see him becoming the next stanley kubrick or alfred hitchcock ( in fact , he is the mixture of both ) .
oh , and there were plenty of explosions in " metro , " as well .
probably because she is the only refuge of restraint amidst all the huffing and puffing , allen's elizabeth comes out as the most sympathetic character .
maximus has all the manly virtues : nobility of purpose , courage in battle , loyalty to king and country , physical stamina , and devotion to family .
hank azaria does what he can , but don't expect to see development of any of the promise he showed in the birdcage .
allow me to present you with the real fault of the mad slasher film : the lack of enthusiastic exploitation .
after that , they basically run around killing .
not to mention : the real story of jesse james and his gang bears no resemblance to the plot of american outlaws .
although it's interesting to note that tony danza has signed a contract with the devil also .
a habit , in stahl's own words , " the size of utah . "
remarkably unremarkable .
maybe the concept of `down to you' looked good on paper to draw such a crowd .
but all it does is set us up for an overwhelmingly disappointing movie .
maybe it was the above-par performances by the movie's two leads ( jared leto and " cybil " actress alicia witt ) .
it is about the post-war investigation of who criminally supported the nazis and who opposed them .
there is much ado about her lack of a husband , and political pressures from spain and france enter into the equation .
by the time she is beating someone to death with a coat hanger , and reciting lines like , " stuff him in the crapper and get your ass upstairs , " i couldn't help but crack up at how " balls-to-the-wall " this film had become .
an encounter with a couple of psycho surfer dudes who threaten to blow him away unless he " fixes " their dead buddy cements his feeling that he is in the wrong line of work .
when one of the people who knows 1900 tells him that his playing the piano like that without permission is " totally against regulations " 1900 replies " f * ck the regulations ! "
they don't like to discuss it , although they are not particularly ashamed of it .
while we are on the subject of the story , the story also provides every chance it can to disrobe an actress .
both those films were tense exercises in chills .
it's funny to watch the locals blindly point the finger of blame at jews and indians because , after all , an englishman could never be capable of committing such ghastly acts .
also , it seems like sam raimi doesn't remember much about the film and it's production . . .
wire-work , no bullshit stunts with li floating around in mid-air for over a minute .
he and colonel cutter ( christopher walkin ) come up with a plan to send the loyal ants off to battle , where they will surely be killed .
on occasion it sneaks up on you .
grady's alternating mentoring and rejection of james is the centerpoint of the film , not him and sara .
one wonders why he didn't pick up on any of this earlier , but christof has an answer for this : " people tend to accept the reality with which they're presented . "
she makes an offer that is too hard to refuse .
from " 2001 " , there's the rotating space station , the blinding white room .
you know what ?
he's character is so hateful , though , it's amazing that anyone talks to him at all , especially carol .
wary of local gold-diggers , cuban coffee dealer luis antonio vargas ( banderas ) makes arrangements to secure a mail order bride from america , listing himself as a mere clerk to dissuade foreign gold-diggers .
over the years , the legend of tarzan has been one of the most popular sources for film series material .
lance henriksen makes a brief appearance as bishop ii , but he was more entertaining in aliens .
.
but i like this guy , because of how black plays him .
but , i'm inclined to say that this film is not quite as terrible as it's box office numbers suggest .
oldman has become typecast as a psychotic sadist and no wonder -- he does it so well .
" maybe it won't be * that * bad " he may say to himself .
baldwin seems more interested in parillaud's nest egg ( so that he can pave paradise and put up a parking lot ) than he does in her .
now , i know you think you've made good movies in the past , but now you're in america , so things are a little different here .
the flick was directed by john frankenheimer , a straightforward action director who lucked into the manchurian candidate early in his career , fell off the a-list following a string of flops and now , in his old age , is slowly climbing his way back up .
the bottom line : " return to me " is nothing remarkable , and yet its sweetness , sincerity , and charm might touch your heart in ways that you hadn't imagined .
outside of sudan and a few other countries this is a less relevant topic .
all of this proceeds , appropriately , in lynch's typically slow-paced , idiosyncratic style .
to put it simply : the special effects of this film are a hit and miss situation .
karen arthur's direction is certainly no match for the great master , but on an absolute scale , the movie maintains a high level of suspense .
bulworth is a far better film than these , both in its execution and lasting impression . ?
the robbery team sounds at once very professional and at the same time it has mamet's special feel for dialog .
the plot moves nowhere fast , and only becomes exciting in very short bursts .
this narrative device works well ; we see david as a boy , teenager in london and mental-patient in various snippets .
with a heavy rainstorm causing depressing conditions and slippery roads , it doesnt take long for the van to end up stuck amongst mud and water off the side of the road .
billy , played by michael keaton , is an extremely temperamental mental ward patient whose short fuse and violent tantrums tend to get him in trouble .
donald sinclair ( john cleese ) , the extremely rich owner of the venetian hotel and casino in las vegas , enjoys concocting unusual bets for his high rolling clients .
it remains a solid comedy throughout its entirety , yet we're still allowed a sappily touching ending .
the opening sequence is the initiation for the recruits , which is getting their heads shaved .
now , her transvestite/medium friend celestrial ( girlina ) predicts that she's about to meet mr . right , and that he'll be a virgo .
my problem is that we see all of these women in the film's trailer , so why do i need to watch the movie ?
a moment like that never arises .
both melinda dillon ( as mom ) and darren mcgavin ( as ? the old man' ) are perfect in their roles .
one of the first things you'll notice is how the camera seems to dart around restlessly .
we are supposed to be moved , but since the scene is completely un-led-up to , we really don't care if she and her mother get along .
1 .
for years the two companies have tried to sabotage each other's film and video releases by issuing similar competing productions on the same day .
it constantly reminded us we were watching a superhero movie-- a very bad superhero movie .
this forced me to pay full price for snake eyes instead of watching a perfectly good baseball game for free -- so the invective , deserved as it is , should be seen in that perspective . )
the role itself is so badly written ( the character only grows balls when the plot calls for it ) , the twists so outrageous , and the directing so self consciously gritty that this is about as close to self parody as i can recall a recent " serious " movie getting .
if this film wasn't the 'sequel' to the fugitive , this would probably go straight to video , or not even been made at all , because it's so average .
kevin smith is a talented writer ( though i agree that his films would be better off if he'd let a real director take the helm ) , and jay and silent bob strike back holds true to his promise to make a more facetious film .
sheen's excessive demeanor do not help the audience accept him as a mastermind villain and comes as a surprise considering his extensive career in film .
for one thing , spielberg's camera never once gets near a southern plantation and instead sticks to the slave ships and the slave traders' operations in africa , so " amistad " was dealing with a different part of the history of slavery from the very beginning .
" rat race " is a great goofy delight , a dandy mix of energetic performances , inspired sight gags and flat-out silliness .
ryder's performance as abigail is as consistent as her mood swings .
why ?
an older woman comes over to her , mentions that that is a great book she is reading , and then goes over to join her own friends .
the final irony of the original version has become film history .
" jawbreaker " is a monumental waste of effort and resources , and quite likely one of the single worst films i've ever seen .
this raw footage really shows you how much a film can be improved upon using simple audio techniques .
david lee roth did leave van halen ! )
the answers to these questions can best be answered by either good science or art , which are both closely related to the american natives vision of a world entrusted to mankind so that he can respect it and take care of it and enrich it with his creations to benefit mankind in a peaceful way .
spawn , in an apparent attempt to duplicate the success of batman , also unwisely spends too much time on a villain , the violator ( batman favored the joker over batman ) .
the producers were apparently so intent on creating a spectacle that they forgot to put an actual movie inside of it .
nevertheless , we learn , cotton made an appearance in the movie which is now in production , as himself to be killed off in the first scene .
on the other , it's a frightening horror film .
or a sense of purpose .
the other patches of this american quilt are successful only to varying degrees .
and " entrepreneurship , babycakes ! "
was unjustly ignored in theaters , and i hope it finds its deserved audience on home video .
ok , maybe that was a confusing analogy , so here's my main complaint about the latest man battles nature flick : there isn't really much of a story to tell .
" we never heard from baz to turn it down , " one of the actors told the los angeles times .
inspired by the short story the legend of sleepy hollow by washington irving .
he's done biographical work ( on the director ed wood ) , children's movies ( nightmare before christmas ) , and a homage to alien invasion movies ( mars attacks ! ) .
you wouldn't be reading this review right now if i had known that fact going in .
it's not a comedy !
for no particular reason , a muscular supporting character strolls around naked for about 30 seconds , with each shot composed to barely cover his package , ? la " austin powers . "
but there's never any real notion of suspense here because the script constantly wanders aimlessly .
she has warm , human chemistry with gibson , whose rocky hides his personal doubt under a brash gung-ho veneer .
( hey , don't say i didn't warn you . )
one is rare color footage , shot by an american , of piles of victims in cattle cars .
that's as deep as it gets , folks .
he rails back against her , in a cruel unfair fashion .
it's hard to not get mad here !
that's not a good average for a production that wants to keep viewers in the dark about what's around the next corner .
it's such a trite , stereotypical script that i imagine the actors that were cast ( noticing that they're all predominantly tv figures ) were probably the only ones they could get !
maybe it was my hope that john cusack would get the redemption he justly deserves after such crap as high fidelity , con air , and pushing tin .
languidly paced throughout , the movie becomes increasingly lugubrious as the screenplay by david seltzer ( the omen ) meanders toward its sad ending .
while her conviction and intense believing remains an admirable quality , she was , as others have been before and since , misled by the spiritual master of deception .
the shot's composition places the audience equidistant and directly across from the pair of arguing patrons and the deputy effectively becomes a mirror to our own apprehensions .
jakob the liar will be compared with last year's life is beautiful because it is being marketed as a " holocaust comedy " .
the story finally gains some prospective by living up to its title as the robinsons find themselves lost in space after narrowly managing to defeat dr . smith ( oldman ) , the cartoony villain , and his plans for sabotage .
at the end of the 19th century , col . patterson ( val kilmer , whose irish accent comes and goes like an african zephyr ) is an engineer who has been hired to build a british railway bridge across the tsavo river in uganda .
we cannot see how the society works because most of the screentime society has broken down .
morrison's novel is just as enigmatic , but unlike a movie , a book can be put down to allow the various undercurrents and themes to churn and absorb .
robert de niro headlines this cast of noteworthies in a performance that is the most outstanding of his in quite some time .
in " twilight , " a ex-alcoholic , ex-cop , ex-husband , ex-private-eye , harry ross ( paul newman ) , works for a pair of aging hollywood actors , catherine ( susan sarandon ) and jack ames ( gene hackman ) .
along the way , private detective walter downs ( played by thomas jane , who was terrific as mickey mantle in the hbo movie " 61 * " ) turns up , hired by the frumpy woman's sister to find out what happened to the real julia .
he has the title in mind , romeo and ethel , the pirate's daughter ( even that joke loses steam after a while ) but can't seem to put words to paper .
cage , sinise , and yes , even de palma deserve better .
the violence is appropriately grisly and extreme , and the action set pieces are suspenseful and exciting , most notably an extended underwater sequence .
we never even see grady's exiting wife .
the only catch is that they have to survive the night at the establishment , an establishment haunted by its former staff and patients .
for example , robbie tells his ex-fianc ? to " get out of my van halen t-shirt before you jinx the band and they break up . "
considering that the skeptic's best argument against the possibility of time travel is the idea of altered realities , writing a script that deals with this problem is an imposing task .
i took half a point off for the unnecessary ( albeit limited ) appearance by friends' courteney cox as reporter , gail edwards , sidney's rival because she covered her mother's disappearance .
while darrell puts a new hose on the ride , bobby walks into town to see what's cooking .
barrymore is the " dangerous one , " mean and tough and about as believable as katie holmes in the role .
also adding to the proceedings is eddie murphy as mushu the dragon , sent by mulan's ancestors to watch over and help the young woman .
early on , the two meet up with ben goodrich ( oliver platt ) , rebecca's new boyfriend , and although the bond isn't immediate , ben and the two boys develop a liking for each other .
most of the characters seem to be there for comic relief , and almost none are smart enough for the audience to take seriously .
frivilous dialogue , a predictable , flat storyline , and two-dimensional characters make money talks a reason to save your money .
it is even worth watching if you want to see raul julia's last performance , or if you can't get enough of van damme .
for forty minutes or so , i was lured into a loopy if occasionally over-wrought romantic comedy , and i was even giving keanu reeves the benefit of the doubt .
however , the toilet humour becomes tiresome very quickly and some of the performances leave a lot to be desired .
guido wins dora .
my groans of disgust could be heard for miles .
as in such top-notch family fare as " a bug's life " or " toy story 2 , " " chicken run " has something to offer in nearly every frame .
through a long set of events , it becomes apparent that his entire life is dependent on his next show doing well enough to pay off his debts .
all of the actors are helped by the dialogue and the intelligently-constructed script by scott frank .
off to save him are buzz and members of the old " toy gang , " including mr . potato head ( don rickles ) , rex the nervous dinosaur ( wallace shawn ) , hamm the piggy bank ( john ratzenberger ) , and slinky dog ( jim varney ) .
avoid this film at all costs .
return of the jedi picks up at an unspecified time after the conclusion of the empire strikes back .
it literally feels like this lapsed time is taking place in real-time--it's that boring .
she emerges from her chemicals ( don't ask 'cause i can't tell ya ) as a sexy woman ( the real uma ) who's poison when or if you kiss her and has some aphrodiasiatic scent she blows at people .
the fairy godmother stand-in , leonardo da vinci ( patrick godfrey ) is fun to watch as the eccentric old man who advises danielle .
the love scene between dr . evil and frau farbissina , that redefines weird sex .
the addition of an enticing sub-plot would have given the film time to breathe , rather than try to cram 96 minutes of action and disaster into a story that cant handle anything else .
the audience i saw this with apparently thought that all the adultery was hilarious .
with stars like sigourney weaver ( " alien " trilogy ) and academy award winner holly hunter ( the piano , raising arizona , etc . ) together in a single hollywood production , one would immediately identify the film as a potential academy award hot shot .
on the surface , it's a cold , boring , unerotic porn with name starts , a name director , and some cool camerawork .
also , the trailer is scored to the music from airplane ! , which was an interesting choice .
ellen degeneres stood out as the executive who , after awhile , decides the show must not go on much to the opposite of the head exec , rob reiner's opinion .
1 ) period detail .
what most hail as the greatest american film ever , casablanca isn't so much a love story as a political frenzy with a love triangle thrown in .
he , nevertheless , can speak and tells arnold an 'end of days' is coming as prophesized in revelations .
meir's father tells him that the marriage contract must be broken : " a man who dies without progeny rips a page from the torah . "
there is an attempt at an explanation in the final minutes , which , instead of tying everything together , ends up being as profound as a clever sixth-grade mad lib .
instead we are told a tale , told a story .
they aren't .
but it does .
pepper's lonely hearts club band was released ( unleashed ? ) to the world , and thanks to our modern technological advances , you can find this retched piece of filmmaking on vhs .
we see the parents of the kids complaining that the music they listen to is filled with " sexual innuendos " , but that's not true at all .
their entire lives become focus of media frenzy , and their job is subjected to strict rules , meticulous plans and they must fight the bureaucrats , publicity-seeking politicians and uncaring scientists ( like former nazi rocket expert werner von braun , played by scott beach ) only to preserve their most basic human dignity .
in 1944 , hungary had the last big population of jews within germany's reach , and they became the last target of hitler's " final solution . "
it's similar to the opening sequence in saving private ryan , but nowhere near as effective .
for all you parents out there trying to find a good family movie , i have yet to see bicentennial man as i write this but as far as i know " stuart little " and " toy story 2 " are by far the best family films this year .
his lair is underground , apparently in a sewer , where he lives like the king of sewer rats .
like all good things here , he's dispatched too soon and without much imagination .
the exaggerated setup has lesly and marty arriving at the family's out of the way mansion during a thanksgiving day hurricane .
it's very similar to the spielberg classic " e . t . , ' and such comparisons are actually deserved in the case of " the iron giant . "
just when you think the movie is over , something else will occur , and it starts right back up again .
sadly , the talented but underrated actor passed away in late february of this year , and the soon to be released pleasantville will mark his last film .
in the case of this film , our boy loves a certain heavy metal band and as luck would have it ( yup , luck always finds its way into these types of equations , although generally tied very closely to hard work ) , they need a new singer .
instead of big action scenes , leering super villains and empty-headed femme fatales , we get interesting characters and an intriguing situation .
perfect for viewers who can appreciate perverse comedy , this story never pulls its punches .
the plot is largely lifted from " the great escape " ( watch for a quick reference to the ball-bouncing scene ) , with some spielberg-inspired action sequences providing the excitement .
and where the unhinged d-fens became a heroic surrogate for audiences , writer/director vondie curtis hall refuses to let spoon and stretch off the hook for their own part in the situation .
i realize hollywood often casts older actors to play teenage roles , but when i realized it wasn't supposed to be a college they were at , i had to snicker .
jane horrocks delivers a lovely voice characterization as tragically optimistic babs ( a hen that runs away with most of the best one-liners , all while perpetually crocheting a sweater ) , and two supply-trading rats that seem to have walked straight out of a monty python sketch nearly steal the show during the lively central swing-dancing sequence .
seeking valentine's reclusive place of residence turns out to be no easy task for wilson .
stone never loses focus and his direction is steddy , honest and determined .
the film is well made from a technical standpoint .
the stories are about empty desperate people with dysfunctional relationships .
if anyone disagrees i would love for them to explain the box office successes of shit like batman and robin , wild wild west , and godzilla .
based on an incredibly popular video game , " lara croft : tomb raider " is a lousy movie .
when julie lays blissfully unaware in a tanning bed , giving him a perfect chance to wreak vengeance once and for all , what does he do ?
but de palma manages to do that .
i will give the movie this much , and that is that its main reason for being ( its " raison-d'etre " , as the french would say ) , its fight sequences , do come through despite the lack of their numbers in the film .
others that are between a married couple that is impacting their relationship , like the problems of infertility affecting this upwardly mobile couple , geoffrey gaines ( stephen ramsey ) , the medical researcher working for a big corporation called fex and striving to get a patent for his experiment and become recognized in his field , and his artist wife , lillian ( miriam healy-louie ) , who reluctantly stands behind her husband suppressing her natural artistic tendencies in order to make the marriage work .
like i said earlier , he just stuffed too much in at one time , and made it look real sloppy , kind of like the mess the headless horseman made with his victims .
rather than the epic saga promised by the narration , we get a goofy-looking world of a saturday morning cartoon .
shelton has been so good in the past at using sports to analyze the structure of society that from his collection of films we are given an examination of different classes and races living in various different regions .
i mean , it fits the movie's tone and everything , and sandler handles it well , but it's just oddly placed , that's all .
this suspect , however , turns up strangled and drowned halfway through the film : an obvious plot fault .
than he would care to admit ( hint : it has something to do with the father of sally's unborn child ) .
when they show the asylum at one point , they show the patient's belongings in a room and we see the riddler's costume .
if they're not going to give us , the audience , just a little credit and put something together with half a brain , why should i waste my time and mental energy criticising it ?
what could have been a fascinating look at the roles played in our culture and the fears of an ultra-right wing future is ruined by turning the film into a cartoon .
that being said , _the caveman's valentine_ can only really succeed as a heroic fantasy , a frank miller graphic novel that has the audacity to portray the blood staining a field of virgin snow expanding to form the shape of a heart .
petula clark sang of a universal phenomenon in " parking lot " : " you don't know what you've got ? til it's gone . "
contact works by not delving in controversy but rather , touches the thinking audience , urging them to ponder upon the questions raised in the film concerning fact and faith ; whether one can actually find compromise within .
as for the other heroes , chris o'donnell's robin is enthusiastic , perky and horny as hell , while pudgy alicia silverstone is hard to accept as an athlete in her debut as batgirl .
halfway through young einstein , i knew for sure the movie was a stinker .
i'm wondering the same thing .
, 0 ( -4 to +4 )
it's ambitious to shoot a documentary on 35mm film .
price , the main character , is played by geoffrey rush , the academy-award winning actor of shine .
it sounds hokey , but when that scene occurs near the beginning of _october sky_ , i found myself caught up with the enthusiasm of homer hickam , played by jake gyllenhaal .
i watched this movie with the whole family and everyone hated it .
he blends into his role here perfectly as the risk taking jack foley , who's willing to gamble everything on the chance that karen sisco might be his true love .
now we have waterworld , which again brings the traditional lone gunman to town to rescue the young widow and her daughter .
finally , i forgot about it .
another element that should have been developed is the effect on catharine of merging with the mind of a psychopath .
the dolls stow away in the back of a vehicle driven by a newly eloped couple , so in the side plot , the couple suspects each other of being a murderer .
the relationship has disintegrated way beyond the point of her just feeling lonely .
the inclusion of those particular profanities seemed odd for a film aimed at an older audience , but the theater full of seniors appeared to have no problem with them , howling like crazy every time the boys let rip with a naughty word .
the movie has a plethora of logical flaws and implausibilites .
why don't you ?
one is a fight in a russian sauna , with lots of sweaty , muscular male flesh ( this one will appeal to certain parts of the audience more than others ) , bullets in heads , and vodka .
4 ) there are two many interfering , irrelevant side stories .
but sandler instead brings a mature goodness to the character .
he is also harassed in church by the local pastor , rev . russell ( david strathairn ) and simon's chain smoking sunday school teacher played by jan hooks .
sadly , these characters are too much the same , except ordell just isn't as impressive , and putting this in the hands of jackson once again is only going to deter from our fond recollections of jules .
it doesn't work here .
in the middle of sex the dead teen has come back to life .
fred macmurray's flying model t has been replaced by a t-bird .
it's about an a+ student ( biggs as " paul " ) who gets a scholarship to some college in new york city who sticks out like a sore thumb and falls for dora ( suvari ) a ditzy heroin-chic goth chick who has no ambition or self-respect whatsoever and allows herself to be pushed around just like " hick-boy " paul is .
the only only reason his name was changed was because this was an unauthorized account of bram strocker's novel .
( michael redman has written this column for over 23 years and wants to wish everyone an appropriate halloween . . . whatever
and his soap box message wears thin within the first 15 minutes .
after pre-release audience testing , the actors were called back to re-shoot the ending .
hideaway was a horrific novel adaptation alicia had only a minor role in .
why bother saying what year this is .
ok now to the story .
with his enhanced abilities , he could now reap vengeance on all those who have shunned him .
smalltime hoodlum raymond blossom ( timothy hutton ) is impressed with the cutlery skills on his associate .
the actors are all very good and have all proven their acting abilities in the past , but they are sorely wasted here and do not really even have characters to play .
married with children , megan and joe provide a useful counterpoint by showing the mundane results of romance .
unlike wild geese , that used it as a pretext for conventional action adventure , script by george malko and gary de vore ( author whose death last year became real life mystery ) is serious , and instead of action puts emphasis on characters and prosaic details of their work .
the opening of a simple plan reminded me a bit of the sweet hereafter .
what is quietly horrifying is the realization by both the audience and the deputy that the crowd no longer exists within the confines of reason and has succumbed to what the barber referred to as impulse .
then there are movies that spend the whole time posing questions and try to answer it all in the last five minutes .
this , combined with morrison's equally frugal method of storytelling , may make _beloved_ somewhat of a challenge to watch , even to those familiar with the book .
the film's major problem is that it tries to seem more clever than it is .
he's a serious gangster unaware that he is a comic gold mine .
? who exactly is a " great " singer ?
director robert rodriguez ( " from dusk to dawn " ) maintains a frenetic pace , with the whole film clocking in at a mere 86 minutes .
ornery , bearded , banjo-picking aidan quinn falls for the statuesque , passionate " songcatcher , " while elna secretly engages in a lesbian relationship with a colleague ( e .
of course , the writers tried to disguise the scene as being insignificant by having roper draw parallels between hostage negotiation and gambling .
so maximum risk is a little different from most other action films .
critique : simply stated , i didn't laugh once during this entire picture .
take it out , and the plot isn't affected in any way .
but due to it's pg rating , many parents may be put off by some of the dialogue which shouldn't appear in disney's version .
i won't lie - this is definitely a guilty pleasure .
the final air battle between the air force fighters and the psychlo ships in their high-tech city is something george lucas might have been associated with .
cage is a wonderfully versatile actor ( think face/off , raising arizona , and it could happen to you - what a combo ! ) who slips into the role of a heavenly agent quite nicely but threatens sappiness more than once .
the opening scenes--the documentary showing the townspeople affected by the first film-- is a more promising approach , because instead of trying to cover similar ground , it goes outside the first film and makes its own stand .
their masters ?
i find it extremely telling that the most engaging part of the film is the credit sequence , a jawbreaker factory montage inexplicably backed by veruca salt's " volcano girls " ; serving as a blueprint for the rest of the film , the song has absolutely nothing to do with the footage we're watching .
placing a woman in these situations would sometimes seem unusual , but because of weaver's presence , a woman is the only suitable hero .
" what's the difference between 60 million and 100 million dead ? "
pulse pounding ?
but hopefully , like with heathers and say anything , lucas can begin to find it's own loyal following and help people realize there were more to the 80s than anthony michael hall and molly ringwald .
the performances are the key here .
the house is actually possessed .
there are surprisingly few tense moments in this film , and nearly all of them come at the final minute .
" a bug's life " has a similar premise , and it also has disney to insure that it's g-rated and not totally over kids' heads like " antz " was ( not a bad thing , believe me ) , but what it also has is a tone that's completely innocent even when it's also remaining perpetually clever .
well , not many of the characters actually * had * characters , but here's a rundown .
however , you wouldn't know it from the quality of the latest entry : jawbreaker .
the actors in the dream team have a lot of fun with their characters and with each other .
not only did i get to see an advance screening , i was able to see an advance screening of a * very good * movie .
what kind of force can move a man to the edge of his emotions and beyond the reach of people who genuinely care for him ?
i don't think disney will be using my quote anymore .
oh yeah , and the ship sinks .
the script does not have a lot of one-liners in it , and god is reduced to a voice that might well be mistaken for the same one that spoke to kevin costner in field of dreams , but overall the story is exciting and interesting .
while the game had non-stop fighting sequences , this movie is a hodge-podge of action scenes and flashy sets and costumes while trying to show off a plot at the same time .
. no fun whatsoever .
the film , adapted by director michael cristofer from the cornell woolrich novel , " waltz into darkness " ( which was also the source for the 1969 francois truffaut film , " mississippi mermaid " ) , opens in a turn-of-the-century prison , as jolie's character , slated for a dawn execution , tells her lurid tale to a priest who appears desperately horny .
had she dressed like princess leia it would have been better .
" baywatch " babe pamela anderson lee proves once and for all that she should keep her double-d's on the small screen .
we are then introduced to jenny lerner ( t ? a leoni ) , a reporter for msnbc .
the only place to turn these days for an honest action film is towards the east -- and i don't mean new york city .
you can forget about calling the police , " he says .
of course , it's true that her role here was a godsend -- a meaty a part as this is rarity for * any * actress , let alone one of her age and current status in the industry .
and in fact the beginning was rather intriguing .
my personal favorites include : the prison-matron modeled after austin powers' frau farbissina , who apparently taught ms . judd everything she knows about wearing wigs ; jason priestley's awfully played dirty desert vagrant #1 , who tries to emulate dennis hopper a la blue velvet , but fails miserably ; and the cop-who-sees-ashley-fleeing-an-accident-scene-and- then-wants-to-pay-for-sex- but-is-shot .
house on haunted hill , i suspect , has just about left the second-run theaters .
it's difficult to believe that something this shallow could come from the same film maker .
lopez is , of course , beautiful , but she can act , too .
but these are minor complaints .
" and peeing is a big part of my day , just like with felix , " chuckled another fellow , as he fastened his trousers up around his nipples and prepared to rejoin his wife .
jay and silent bob , two new jersey stoners who hang out at the doorstep of convenience store selling pot , have appeared in almost all of smith's movies but , if i'm not mistaken , have not starred in one until now .
cage is legendary retired car thief , memphis raines ( don't you love cute movie names ) , who must call upon his time worn skills to save his thick-headed brother ( ribisi ) from being killed .
also , the movie was shot on 35mm film ( and not video ! ) ,
mykelti williamson ( portraying astronaut dennis gamble ) churns out an all-too-familiar spin on a generic brash-mouthed character , and fine character actors george dzundza ( playing colonel burgess and looking ridiculous in the process ) and james cromwell ( patrick's neglectful father , senator ross ) are utterly wasted in the film .
it stars duchovny , and although one might question his judgment in lampooning his " x-files " character so soon after leaving the tv series , it should certainly provide him with plenty of ammunition .
the " surprise ending " that highlighted the original planet of the apes film back in 1968 , felt a little tacked on here , and despite being interesting , didn't really make all that much sense to me ( unless you look at it from a sequel point of view ) .
this project has been an almost constant target of environmentalist terrorists , most notably the house of sea organization .
instead , it was a bunch of unfunny crap in the army .
call me crazy , but this is common knowledge .
what does god really think of us ?
_the caveman's valentine_ is a fine and a courageous film , crazy enough to suggest that the delirious yammering of an idiot savant is the best and truest paladin of order in the chaos of eliot's rat's alley wasteland .
many pilots tried to achieve that goal and many paid with their lives for such bravado .
and spawn himself isn't even an interesting character .
rob cohen ( dragonheart ) does a great job with this film .
the film's sinister tone splashes onto the screen immediately with a dazzling opening credit sequence ably backed by a sly electronic score by clint mansell , and gradually increases in intensity .
but , on the whole , it is frustrating .
there in bear creek , she discovers a treasure-trove of traditional scots-irish and english folk ballads , given a unique interpretation by the insular locals .
the medical reports may state that he suffered a massive stroke .
ooooh real creative ) .
first , of course , he's a mobster , but secondly , he's trying to get married and enjoy a quiet honeymoon with his wife ( lisa kudrow ) and kid .
throughout their imprisonment , guido's quick thinking continually keeps his son from harm's way .
wow , man .
could have very easily gone the gross-out route ( considering that shandling's character is given a detachable penis that vibrates and hums when he gets excited ) .
having endured my share of the hype , i waited calmly for men to reach the hinterlands wherein i reside , and then checked in to see what all the fuss was about .
at the age of 13 he gets recruited in the criminal organisation of paulie cicero ( played by paul sorvino ) , local mob boss , and gradually climbs up the ladder starting with small errands .
luckily , she knows exactly how to spell the certain " ellie " that she is looking for ( they spell it ele in the film . . .
it'll be interesting to see if it will appeal to mainstream audiences as well .
simon , once the toast of broadway , has apparently shifted his sights from the great white way to the neighborhood multiplex in branson , missouri .
shrink after shrink refuses to return after will's mockery .
they give real cops bad names .
it's just a pile of dreck . . . an
they replaced him just fine .
molly , married now only 24 hours , runs off in search of her irresponsible parents while her husband keith ( jamie denton ) tries to console the abandoned spouses .
burton however concentrates far too much on the atmosphere , and how to make the main characters heroes .
it also jumps on the ever-popular political satire bandwagon and manages to fall flat there , too .
of course , something goes wrong--and the ending is very funny , but it takes the film too long to get there .
this is a question just as applicable to today as it is to patlabor's alternate-1999 setting .
remove no spam to reply .
people will be lined up around the block for it .
she and clooney develop good chemistry together .
tattooed with angels' wings , sarah is just about as lovely as women come , but she serves no purpose , not even as seductress .
the failure of both " the maxx " tv show and of _the caveman's valentine_ ( not forgetting the initial backlash against _unbreakable_ ) suggests that the public may not be ready for america's surprising contributions to dark fantasy .
anyway , the basic plot revolves around jones and smith to stop this bug from getting the galaxy , or a higher power will blow up the earth .
with perhaps one of the most astonishing endings ever created for an action film , aliens climax never seems to hit until the viewer is nearly pushed to extreme exhaustion .
lena olin's performance is the only glimmer in this dismal film .
it just doesn't have the emotional impact that i suspect mr . cameron was shooting for .
henry fool is sprinkled with hartley-ian flourishes : simon drinks milk from " udderley's " ; the big teen hang-out is called " world of donuts " ; simon wears his garbageman's uniform throughout ; the editing style is decidedly elliptical . . .
it shows how greed can set of a chain of events leading to death and the destruction of lives .
he turns to his brother frank ( harvey fierstein ) , a theatrical makeup artist , and emerges as euphegenia doubtfire , a matronly 65-year-old englishwoman .
daphne ashbrook brings class to her role as dr . grace holloway , the doctor's first companion that he kisses on screen , she is not your typical female companion who screams , and spends her free time making coffee for the doctor , she is a tough , spunky american , and ashbrook shows this well .
this is one of the worst films of the year , and if it is any omen of things to come , this summer could be one of the worst ever .
there is an extended battle scene in the middle of the movie that is almost reason enough to watch the whole thing -- a gory , excellently staged fight on the bullet train that shows some real imagination for a moment , and then smothers it by trying to clumsily re-couple the whole thing with the movie's relentlessly stupid plot .
the second jackal-based film to come out in 1997 ( the other starring bruce willis was simply entitled the jackal ) , this one stars aidan quinn and donald sutherland , and is directed by a man who hailed from joblo's own alma matter , concordia university in montreal , canada .
capsule : one of the ten worst movies ever made .
veteran character actor jim broadbent is suitably larger than life as ringmaster zidler ? wait until you see him perform " like a virgin . "
one sequence that stands out is when judith is at a restaurant by herself , reading a novel .
unfortunately , " scream 2 " occasionally reverts to the time-honored horror tradition of throwing logic out the window .
it's a shame that this film will do so successfully because it just isn't worth much .
the remaining four fishermen are all cardboard stereotypes ( hawkes says to a female stranger in one scene " you know what would look good on you ?
so he comes to san francisco , figuring he can charm her again .
by the end , i can only think back and laugh at how bad sleepy hollow developed .
tim robbins and martin lawernce team up in this road movie comedy .
suddenly , without warning , their car hits someone whom the teens presume was killed as a result of that collision .
still , the full monty is a great film , a must see !
the movie then lurches forward into the plight of al simmons ( michael jai white ) , a government assassin/operative who is murdered by diabolical boss jason wynn ( martin sheen , who plays all of his scenes like an oscar clip ) while on a top secret mission in a north korean biological weapons plant .
with the recent disappointments in theatrically released horror movies , especially the blair witch project ( the most overblown turkey of the decade ) , we needed a film like this .
there's too much here that doesn't make sense .
even worse , when ignored his moods become ugly , and he mistreats the women for spurning him .
that's why last year , indy films grossed more than ever .
wizards is an animated feature that begins with a narration of epic proportions .
throughout the whole film , he looks angry ( or just pissed off . )
with persecution ?
there is a fatalistic feel about their lives , something robert mitchum wears as easily as others put on a hat .
with plans to sell it , onegin pays a summer visit to the manor , which is located in an underpopulated russian countryside , and not long into the trip he meets a neighbouring family of blue bloods .
this is especially disconcerting when the trick in question could be clever when used in the right context .
in fact , it far exceeds that one .
webber and rice do not subscribe to the gaity of such musicals as " oklahoma ! , " or the slapstickness of shows like " a funny thing happened on the way to the forum . "
if you're interested in the plot , you're better off reading a capsule review than trying to extract any meaning from the on-screen shenanigans : " jean-claude van damme plays a shady bluejeans manufacturer who uncovers a russian mafia plot to terrorize the world with " nanobombs " hidden in cabbage patch knock-offs .
that's one more tree stump than jason has .
as corny as it is , it's got some interesting aspects and could deserve at least a " b " for effort .
also , melvins character seems to go too nice , too quickly .
dr . fuentes did not believe how bad things were so he went .
of course , there's a bathroom full of old guys who would strongly disagree with every word i've written , and would probably whip my " young-whippersnapper " ass to boot .
even the police chief drives one .
in lesser movies this would've turned into a confrontation between the two characters .
all it takes is potential violence to make the audience bite their nails .
it's hard to understate this last point .
unlike its slippery cousin " anaconda , " " lake placid " wants to present its formulaic plot tongue-in-cheek , which is self-defeating .
it's not until club owner silk ( rapper dmx ) , bears down on kai and his henchmen that the fight ends .
" crazy/beautiful " is quality fare , good enough that i half-expected the summer movie crap police to walk into the press screening and confiscate the print for " failure to incorporate explosions and poop jokes . "
jonathan frakes , who also directed , is funny as commander riker ; a subplot with data ( brent spiner ) discovering his lost childhood is fairly interesting ; and abraham makes a perfect star trek villain , overacting like crazy .
the beauty of wag the dog is that it isn't a light , meaningless comedy about politics ( like speechless , the michael keaton - geena davis picture ) or from the level of light-hearted politcal satire to near-greatness .
by using semi-darkness and letting the colors of deep blue and black dominate every scene he makes the film visually as ominous as anything in this nether world .
the space scenes in particular are the most fun to watch .
unfortunately for everyone involved , blume finds that he has feelings for miss cross as well , which gets in the way of max's plans to woo her .
his character would be a joke if he wasn't so chillingly real- all of us have worked with a chad , and some of us may be him .
as i said , " wag the dog " is not quite as laugh-out-loud hilarious as i had expected , but there are some genuinely funny moments to be found here , such as when , in an echo of a familiar movie clich ? , the camera pans out over an urban sunset to the strains of uplifting , inspirational music , then cuts to a studio to reveal that the singing is coming from a group of musicians whom motss has assembled to perform " we have the right to fight for democracy . "
fifty-three of them are stuffed into the " la amistad " ( from a spanish word for " friendship " ) by their new spanish owners .
each of those films had memorable characters and a tense plot .
the title alone suggests it , and the previews actually show it !
so , i prepared for this film by watching a moving interview on " hard copy " with pam smart , the new hampshire media teacher who was convicted of engineering the death of her husband back in the 1980's .
however , just because legend doesn't really break any new ground as far as literary or even technical achievements go does not mean that it can't qualify as first-class entertainment .
but if a film last 2 1/2 hours , and feels like 90 minutes , then it's excellent .
there are a lot of plugs ( and a good mars today gag ) however , the sets look great , and the special effects at the end of the film aren't too bad either .
basically , hard rain is one extended , dull chase sequence punctuated by occasional shoot-outs .
lives are often at stake , and the criminal is usually armed and most likely mentally unstable , prone to turn on the negotiator at a moment's notice .
and more importantly , isn't there anyone else besides me who thinks these films are offensive ?
" practical magic , " is a film that is so misguided in so many ways that it makes you wonder how such talented and high-profile actors would even get involved in an embarrassing clap-trap like this one .
i also saw the boom mic pop into the top of the frame twice early on in the picture , something that i almost never notice .
but , having seen " the celluloid closet , " and being one of a handful of straight people involved in a primarily gay and lesbian weekly bible study ( email me and i'll give you the details ) , none of this was any big surprise .
the bomb defusal of course goes wrong , but only the furniture is damaged , not our heroes who still are needed .
parents , though , should remind their young ones during the ride home that taunting others because they are short , tall , skinny , fat , etc . is a bad thing .
arnie , of course , is useless , but he goes has some good lines , and in the first twenty minutes , he even act's like a normal bloke , not like some action hero .
now teaming with co-director peter lord , park has created a similar creature in " chicken run . "
simon birch is written and directed by mark steven johnson , this is his first film as director , but he has written several films , including the grumpy old men series .
that's it .
daniels brings an atmosphere of awe , inspiration , and hope to his character , whereas walsh simply drips of sinister closemindedness - almost to the point where you can sense gene hackman's envy .
gun wielding arnold schwarzenegger has a change of heart by the film's end and becomes a believer in god instead of a skeptic , going through an amazing transformation by having a christian epiphany in the final scene as he becomes someone who can now beat the devil by his faith alone . . . this is after two hours of throwing people out windows and shooting more people than your average serial killer .
production values are on par with the rest of the film - lackluster and non-involving .
ultimately , however , paramount pictures , nervous that this movie would be confused with 1996's other , underperforming disaster films ( dante's peak , volcano ) , changed the title and shifted the release date by nearly a year .
this ability will serve him well and give him a long , successful career .
.
on the ship , they make a bunch of clunky , immobile robots that somehow kill three hundred people .
because something's got to account for her losing that many iq points .
peck and bonitzer do an exemplary job telling a complicated tale with a myriad of players , although they frequently succumb to cliche , particularly regarding lumumba's private life .
unsuccessful ? not entirely .
i also did not tense up or particularly enjoy any of its unenergetic action sequences which provided me with little more than a few minutes time to think back to the lovely salma hayek scenes .
the snuff movie within the movie is certainly disturbing , although the jerky camera angles and grainy image takes some of the shock away .
the story she's covering is not really a story , but a story in the making .
mcfarlane's " spawn " immediately became a commercial and critical success and a defining comic book series of the 1990s .
of course , the most interesting character is the ship itself .
strange dude and one crappy flick .
reindeer games is the complete opposite ; the actors don't seem to want to be their characters ( even danny trejo , who will do practically anything , doesn't look like he is enjoying himself ) , causing the audience to quickly lose interest .
they also manage to go out before copulating occasionally -- in one of the stupidest scenes of the film , tony takes sarah to a carnival that's * right outside * his dingy apartment ( that way , they can hurry back and have sex quickly ) .
they're staged much more imaginatively here ( save for the first post-prologue murder , which is handled in such a mediocre , conventional fashion that it seems to be culled directly from the predictable 1980s slasher flicks that the first film satirized ) , and are much more fun to watch .
and to avoid any questions about his guilt , we see charles in action in the opening scene with his last victim .
there is enough latent meaning to supply college film students with paper topics for years .
when the musketeers finally get to holler " all for one , and one for all , " i could have sworn that was dumas rolling in his grave that i felt .
i am not a big fan of the romantic comedy genre , but something drew me to this film .
as he interviews members of the wartime orchestra arnold starts noticing odd peculiarities that may or may not point to a conspiracy against his investigation .
hugh plays the gay director , an * extremely * unappealing character who may alienate whatever fans are left after the nonsense of nine months .
every actor does a great job .
the movie begins in his childhood in a strict school run by catholic priests .
worse yet , everyone's speaking late 90s hip-hop slang in what should be 1983 .
" the green mile " is so good following the rough beginning , that when the pivotal moment at the very end finally comes , it is almost impossible not to feel some sort of sadness for every person in this scene .
i'm very sorry that i don't have this perspective , but , judging from the reviews i've already read , knowing the tv show just makes matters worse .
in fact , we might even have a little doubt about kimble's innocence ourselves .
that is , after kermit is finally able to elude doc hopper and proclaim his freedom .
unfortunately , the ending is rather poorly tied up ; it is difficult to know whether this is due to the lack of live-action film , or the original script .
it's kiddie-porn hackwork , complete with earthy sex-talk and fully-clothed hand-jobs .
its only positive attribute lies in its actors who all do credible jobs and its message of hope and belief in miracles .
a storm rolls in on the surface and the team is forced to remain below just as an unseen presence begins to communicate through their computer .
unzipped also gives a glimpse into the creative process by which mizrahi turns an idea into a dress .
( smart was convicted and given a life sentence for her part in the murder of her husband . )
she is supposed to be mean , but glenn close gave the character some depth in dangerous liaisons .
it's a serious and touchy subject , but producer scott rudin viewed it as the setting for a potentially hilarious comedy , and pitched it to screenwriter paul rudnick .
i really identified with the julia roberts character ( wishful thinking , i know ! ) , but i do have better hair !
flattered to have the attention of two eligible men , christine dates them both .
director curtis hanson ( " l . a .
walsh appeared in dozens of movies such as good morning vietnam , backdraft , and nixon .
i also found it disturbing that the babies in this film have attitude and endless 90's knowledge , quoting numerous movies and insulting their adult captors .
though skilled in certain medical procedures , homer remains woefully naive and ignorant about most everything else .
also along is larry ( skipp suddeth ) .
instead , he asks who the ghost is .
i don't think any of the romances i've seen have been classified as such .
strangely , many of the characters speaking english are overdubbed with english , and poorly too .
williams is , as usual , on top form , but sid james isn't given a very good part in this movie and i would forgive anyone to forget that he was in the movie at all .
lucas is obviously in love with maggie , and while she is charmed by him , it's clear that she would never consider him anything more than a very good friend .
unlike several cartoon features , each character is actually a developed personality , rather than a stereotype , and is actually integral to the plot , rather than being a superfluous comic-relief sidekick ( a clich ? disney still hasn't ditched ) .
while they do bring us eye-popping special effects that will amaze you , they lost what was at the center of all the original godzilla movies -- a storyline .
first this is the film to bring back the shaw brothers studio back to the forefront of film production .
it consists of multiple copies and direct ripp-offs from several great science fiction films and stories .
he has come back to town to see her , and suddenly she is torn .
for plenty of reasons .
it was made in 1971 and talbot rothwell the scriptwriter seems to be in two minds whether to go for 'bluer' jokes or to maintain the 'innocent' jokes success of most of its predecessors .
plot : naval officer ramirez ( quinn ) gets called upon by the cia to impersonate the international terrorist known as the jackal , in order to put an end to the actual militant's radical activities .
high art runs 1 : 36 .
he definitely has something of a gift , but it's not fully on display here .
he is a man who has responded to the horror of his surroundings by withdrawing from them , excising his moral peripheral vision .
he urges below-ground tests which no one will consider at the time until it is learned that the soviets have conducted underground tests of their own .
a phenomenally large amount of money was spent creating the computer animated insects and the results are mixed at best .
- evelyne kraft is the jungle girl in a leather bikini that she is pasted into so she always looks on the verge of bouncing out of .
that should have been the end of the movie right there .
however , as the film develops so does ness .
but the worst insult to viewer's audience is terrible miscasting of melanie griffith .
it's really quite disheartening to see such a fine soundtrack go to waste in a pointless movie like this .
reiner and screenwriter leslie dixon tried to make it easier on us by making the victims unlikeable .
but that's the word that came to me right after viewing " chicken run . "
when _star wars_ came out some twenty years ago , the image of traveling throughout the stars has become a commonplace image .
with a deft touch the director sets up each scene , several with thunderstorms , and tom neuwirth's sepia-toned cinematography makes the movie feel as if it were filmed in the 50s .
finally , jim carrey gives a cameo as the adult joe in the present day , and his few minutes here are relatively more impressive than his entire performance in the truman show .
alexander dumas' the three musketeers is one of the most often-adapted literary works , and for good reason : the swashbuckler is a legend rather than just a story .
nu ? ez is probably independent film's greatest asset , along with john sayles , and he proves his talent with a slow pace and undulating , heavy tension .
we , the audience , sniff something not so lustful .
as for the chase sequence , it was long , but not overly long , creating quite a bit of suspense from confusion .
one day ( and i say " one day " not to be trite , but because that's exactly how it happened - no advance notice ) , a fairy queen gives birth to twins , one good and one evil .
the prevailing attitude is that more films equal more profit .
get shorty is by no means on the same level as pulp fiction , despite the obvious similarities .
many can relate to that , of course ; it's the murder cover-up and the blackmail and the fear of losing one's son that swinton so gracefully , so graciously , makes resonate with the truest of colors .
the story takes place in jerusalem's jewish quarters called mea shearim , where we are taken down sinewy back streets with placards pasted on the walls , and into the crowded apartments and prayer rooms where the protagonists live out their idea of the proper jewish life , which is much different than the way most jews live in israel .
from the sure thing to say anything cusack has merged the talents of early tom hanks and early jack lemmon .
michael ironside plays their teacher , who waves around a cheesy fake severed arm while lecturing about civic responsibilities .
screwed is an inane christmas carol gone berserk with few genuine laughs and many acting embarrassments .
carolco pictures and dutch director paul verhoeven ( robocop ) came together to create the 1990 mega hit that is total recall .
yes the audience jumps , momentarily frightened , but wouldn't anyone if a loud sonic boom suddenly infiltrated a quiet room .
i'm surprised i even made it to the end of the film not once , not twice , but three times to review these discs .
" there will be another , " the ads for this sequel proclaimed , and why not ?
namely , talent !
who cares ?
plot : two teen couples go to a church party , drink and then drive .
but it's a cartoon i liked , and i was understandably reluctant to see what disney had done to it on the big screen .
they were only funny if you had seen the movie ; otherwise , you got nothing .
that's right .
imagine my surprise to see that writer/director roger kumble has given credit to his source material : choderlos de laclos is recognized for his novel les liaisons dangereuses in the opening credits .
mark steven johnson's sense of drama and writing is fantastic .
even martin scorsese hasn't had a perfect track record .
you know what to expect from this movie : lots of shots where the camera is the eyes of the predator ( croc cam ) swimming toward someone's dangling legs while " jaws " -like music plays , one character ( hector ) who's obsessed with the croc and stupidly endangers the rest , another character who insists that the predator can't possibly exist .
each one in this sad little parade is a little more pointless than the last .
synopsis : back-up quarterback moxxon becomes starting quarterback midway through his senior year of high school , even though he'd rather read " slaughterhouse five " than the playbook .
however these little failures don't diminish the impression .
i'm no technical dvd expert , but i can't imagine that being too hard to accomplish .
naturally the questions pour from howard's fiancee , parents ( debbie reynolds & wilford brimley ) , students , and the high school's principal , tom halliwell ( bob newhart ) , and the evidence starts to become more and more obvious : howard is clean , neat , honest , sincere , a romantic , and perhaps the most incriminating fact , he loves barbara streisand .
we never really care about any of them , and i get the feeling that many scenes were cut in order to shorten the length of the movie .
add onto that set design that makes the cabinet of doctor caligari absolutely cheerful in comparison , and you have something to give the wee ones ( and some of the mentally unstable larger folk ) to keep them up at night .
contact starring : jodie foster , matthew mcconaughey , john hurt director : robert zemeckis star
one that really got to me : the ghost of a boy says to cole , " i'll show you where my dad keeps his gun " ; when the ghost turns , we see the bullet wound in the back of his head .
michael massee's eccentric fbi agent never revs up .
so many different plots are trying to come together--feuding brothers , reconciling husbands , loan-shark hired hitmen--that you have to admire the director's ambition .
titanic takes revolutionary steps forward in seamlessly integrating computer graphic design with actors .
( the title is taken from brooks' wish that nasa would send a payload of hundreds of expendable robots to scurry about the martian surface , creating a sort of road map for the terrain -- fast , cheap , and out of control . )
note to hollywood : next time , let's leave the tv shows on the tv .
it's not the whole oral-sex/prostitution thing ( referring to grant , not me ) that bugs me , it's the fact that grant is annoying .
we don+t understand that there were the generations from the industrial revolution who knew of no other way to raise a family .
it may be a bit too gloomy for it's own good , but the sets look nice , and parts of the film are directed well .
there were a lot of really cool fight scenes ( with really cool accompanying music ) , intersperesed with some distracting ( but ultimately non-intrusive ) bits of fluff passing itself off as a plot .
that no one has a clue as to the dogma they are spouting becomes obvious but not particularly funny .
particularly notable is philip baker hall who gave a mesmerizing performance from the first scene of hard eight .
the knee-jerk reaction is for everyone to blame kevin .
actually , i wished i was watching swimming to cambodia instead , but that's life .
wouldn't it have been easier to just have them fall in love instead of doing the typical spy-girl-for-the-bad-guy cliche ?
fifteen minutes of it feels like an eternity .
the gang of punks who killed ashe are ostensibly commanded by judah ( richard brooks ) , but a far more interesting choice as leader would have been iggy pop , who plays a gaunt fellow named curve .
it's just like that .
i almost pissed myself during the " gas station " disaster , absolutely adored the " walk-off " contest ( with david bowie as the judge , no less ) and appreciated many of zoolander's moronic one-liners ( " i was a merman . . . a
also disturbing is the casting of christopher plummer as mike wallace .
we get " double jeopardy . "
if the cars aren't delivered in three days , bossman has a casket carved out just for kip .
there are hints that this is taking its toll on his lovely wife , played by catherine keener , who is frustrated by her husband spending all of his time in cleveland rather than in their ugly split-level home in harrisburg , pa .
carrey gets to do his " official " schtick as he snoops around greater miami .
that polygram so hated this picture that they tried to steal final cut from altman , and then buried the marketing campaign when he won it back , should tell you how utterly clueless of quality most studios are .
regardless of its senseless title , original sin does actually have a plot ( albeit one of the most mangled acts of screenwriting since the art of war , based on the book waltz across darkness ) .
the opening song over the credits is very beautiful ( i hope the soundtrack is available ! ) , and there's a brief excerpt of `cheer up , charlie' from willy wonka and the chocolate factory ( sung by aloise , to nello , in another delightful scene ) .
( note : there's an easter egg hidden in the disc pertaining to this .
the plot is conveniently assembled to suit the requirements of the main characters , who are frequently taking part in activities that . . . .
there is no revelation in un coeur en hiver in the traditional ; however , the film is incredibly successful in its passionate dramatization of a passion-denying protagonist , stephane ( daniel auteuil ) .
lang's observations of his fellow man succumbing to mob behavior left him with an indelible image of malevolent human behavior .
it is too much an adaptation of a magazine article slowed to the pace of a film .
the ghost and the darkness promised ( at least , it seemed to me to promise ) a hemingwayesque showdown between men and nature .
and there are long stretches without much going on .
and the two are kept busy .
man , i can't get over just how bad this movie is .
mckellar is largely successful in his attempt to rise above his material .
the supporting players merely step aside and allow williams to do his thing .
they also pay him a lot of cash .
if you answered " no , that doesn't sound funny " , then ( ding ding ding ! )
yet , the phrase " we who are about to die salute you " has been absent until now .
if tsui has any hope of approaching his countryman john woo's stateside success , he would do best to break free from van damme . . .
it really verges on being tedious at least at times .
sinise is perfect as the driven scheming sleezebag is right on the mark .
ask them what they've been doing lately , and they'll more likely than not reply , " oh , you know , just hanging out . "
if you like nicholson enough to watch him here ; maybe 25% of his charm is able to make it through the logjams of others .
and i liked each film separately for which it was .
older folks might show up when they hear that the movie is actually a satire about the pioneer spirit , but they'll be disappointed once all the raw meat starts getting waved in their faces .
with computer technology , the animators have carefully made the ants' faces look similar to the actors providing the voices .
think heavenly creatures played largely for laughs , and you'll sort of understand .
the one exception would be tcheky karyo ( la femme nikita ) as dunois , the man who was leading the attack prior to joan's arrival .
her character has absolutely no depth at all , and her sole purpose in the movie is to be the object of the other characters' fantasies .
it's also cut short ( sorry , guys ) , and should have been cut shorter -- the movie grinds to a halt for pure titillation once too often .
r . lee ermey , as the psychotic coach , made a bad decision taking this role .
- review of " armageddon . "
.
just as those issues are starting up , grace's husband , jake , storms in , looking like check-out day of the elks lodge convention .
in the end " haunting " will only haunt its fledgling studio ( dream works skg ) and de bont's career as a director .
it is interesting that one starts to look forward to actors from anderson's company .
in another movie , it might have worked , but in this one the reaction is likely to be decidedly muted .
actually , it's not so much the chemistry between the two as it is each one's own romantic tension .
return of the jedi , the final installment of the series , is easily the most innovative , action-packed , and entertaining of the three films .
however , the most exhilarating scene involves bala getting stuck to the bottom of a young boy's shoe .
this movie is fraught with symbolism--in fact a large part of it is based on christian symbolism .
but if true , why ?
thankfully most actors in this movie will appear in five other movies before the new year arrives to help viewers forget this little movie .
alas , any sense of his character has been left on the ranch , leaving us with only cute chicks like ali larter ( minus the whipped cream ) to watch .
thus far this year , hollywood has already subjected us to its unique brand of moronic mayhem by fire ( firestorm ) and water ( hard rain ) .
the final sequence , where muslims in prostrate worship stand up--in domino fashion--to cheer the victory , filled me with such emotional goo that i wanted to , to , to rip the screen into shreds ! !
wide awake , however , is the cast , who individually tackle their showcase dramatic scenes with energy and skill--thus revealing the _real_ purpose behind this listless enterprise : to serve as a series of acting exercises .
the filmmakers behind kiss of the dragon should have rethought their strategy .
i dug out my tattered copy of hemingway's " the short happy life of francis macomber " and read that to get the taste of this movie out of my mind .
no matter how sick it may sound , it is funny to watch bruce ampbell's ash get his butt kicked every five minutes .
the crew includes captain a . j .
paul was the quarterback of the football team before he injured himself , and is definitely a candidate for most popular person in school .
this is a reference to obi-wan and c-3po from george lucas' star wars ( 9 . 5/10 ) .
what's most troubling about the film , however , isn't the unsettling subject matter and the matter-of-fact way these young people go about eliminating one of their own but the way in which clark is constantly distracted by his own material .
the effects are stunning , the digitalized creatures are amazingly realistic , the lightsaber duels are amazing , and queen amidala's sumptuous robes are fit to be worn by queen elizabeth .
i , however , would rather cut to the chase .
role of emily eden , unfortunately , isn't one of them .
we yanks will have a hard time with some of the dialog .
" 54 " deals not so much with the timeline of the studio ( how it began , how it was run , how it ended ) - that's all dealt with in the narrated opening and finale - but more interested in the characters who populated it .
it's also really sad to see the talents of the cast go to waste , because it' s evident that they're all trying really hard to squeeze some life out of this dead turkey of a movie .
some of the acting is a burdensome area as well , probably because the performers were instructed to build personas that are the exact opposite of their true selves .
in simon birch , director mark steven johnson shows us just how to master the technique : he takes advantage of caution and poise , but also risks his movie with a few bold steps .
in fact , the trial is over about fifteen or twenty minutes into the film .
though it's an action film , the ending is more a talkfest where we get the whole movie explained to us by one flustered character actor after another while affleck looks on , incredulous as the audience .
the story is rather classical : the tutor is a better talker than a doer , raised on books ; the timid tutee has innate talent his master only dreams of .
and , chuckle , chuckle , one of those new yorkers , _survives_ , with charcoal all over his face ! !
makes this film dumber than dumb , plus it's not funny , not campy , or is it in the least bit entertaining .
here's an example of some of the film's flat-out stupidity .
any one of them may know something about his brother's death .
maybe an animated feature without--shock !
go see maximum risk , but don't expect a typical hollywood action movie ; expect a sort of funky hong kong-hollywood action movie .
and then there's the inevitable " heartless meanie " character , in the form of donald sutherland who plays caulder's mentor .
my , how easily does the worm turn .
the film's director , wonsuk chin ( too tired to die ) , expertly juxtaposes upper management company meetings with on-the-spot interviews with the bike messengers , general managers , and floor staff that kept kozmo humming .
part of what made the " wallace " films brilliantly entertaining was park's uncanny ability to make an old story seem new .
while the film is uneven , many of its gags are price less .
when gary oldman easily reprograms will's pet robot to kill the robinsons , my friend summed it up perfectly : " he flipped the switch to 'evil . ' "
private ryan is not for everyone , but i felt the time was right for a movie like this to be made .
we're supposed to be roused by a climactic . . .
since then , epics have appeared infrequently ( " the last emperor , " " braveheart " ) and some of the best have been small-screen affairs produced in the 1970's ( " roots , " " shogun " ) .
yet it wouldn't be fair to say that everything is bad .
portals become veiny stained-glass eyeballs .
potential goes out the window early to suit sinyor's `colorful' approach , but not a minute of this hapless drivel seems accustomed to the director's wishes .
this h . g . wells classic really has potential to be a good film .
in fact , after watching the first film , a sequel was wanted , particularly by this reviewer .
it's organized , strategic and , according to martin , ineffective .
well , he's not , and it doesn't make sense .
the sequence where jason patric in trying to disable the propellers from under the ship is also terrific , and the only time during the entire movie where you get that feeling of . . . . speed .
am i supposed to identify with anyone in this film ?
it's stupid in itself , and stupid to think its audience is as stupid as it is .
spielberg's direction tends a little bit towards the manipulative side at times , such as when he adds a heavy orchestral swell to cinque's angry outburst in the court room .
that's interesting but the movie doesn't do anything with it other than crash land the sub-theme into a labored speech in the midst of a badly staged gun battle .
( the movie itself knows no bounds as it contains one of the most putrid and lengthy vomiting scenes ever . )
he plots an escape with the help of his best friend , and fellow robber , buddy bragg ( ving rhames ) , and their slow-witted pothead associate , glenn michaels ( steve zahn ) .
the second focuses on milton and his ulterior motive for employing lomax .
curdled seems destined to be a nice cult film for miramax .
the reason soon becomes obvious -- the ship has been taken over by a bad special effect that is supposed to resemble an octopus with teeth and more than eight tentacles .
since , " party camp , " has practically no screenplay and there is no talent at all involved , the least the makers could have done was make it raunchy and exploitative .
they evince little chemistry , with rock constantly in over the top rant mode , acting more like an angry comic than any thing resembling a hit man ( an occupation that's represented far too frequently in movies nowadays ) .
will he enjoy being a lawyer ?
it's a lovely notion , but the film betrays its own moral by incessantly taking cheap shots at farquaad's diminutive stature .
but the level of terror , like that of gore , is kept in check .
director barry sonnenfeld isn't of great help either .
bernard thinks he is having a sex change and needs to prove himself .
the bully in question , bobby kent ( nick stahl ) , is certainly an unpleasant piece of work but he doesn't exactly tower over his colleagues in the pathological department .
the boys will stop at nothing to reach their goal .
also good is frankie faison ( " hannibal " ) as whitney , lance's compassionate manager - the only human who's made privy to lance's body body switch .
plot : jet li is a chinese cop asked to help some french policemen nab a bad guy .
for a good ten years or so , super cool chow yun fat has enjoyed god hood status in the hong kong action scene .
this film was not as disastrous as i thought it would be , but it was pretty close .
starting in a near future , with a prologue copied from " apollo 13 " , de palma slowly builds up his " story " .
it's one of the worst movies i've seen in a long time .
sometimes frank's changing the past results in something happening right away in john's world , and sometimes john gets the changes ahead of time .
when he arrives at the site , he discovers that there is no plane , but rather an enormous spacecraft that has been sitting 1 , 000 feet below the surface for almost 300 years .
convinced that these were messages from god , she brazenly demanded to see the dauphin in order to deliver the message directly to him .
liam neeson seems bored and embarrassed , and seems desperate to leave the movie as quickly as possible .
it's made for the gentle art-house set , those who don't want something too disturbing to think about .
as depicted by hoblit ( primal fear ) and cinematographer newton thomas sigel , philadelphia is a dark , dreary place ? a gothic city rather than a modern one .
hence , cynthia's difficulty with acknowledging ( first to herself , then to others ) that hortense is her daughter .
it appears to kill men because it just likes too .
sexual tension ?
this is simply a less artistic film that doesn't have the talent and originality of its predecessor .
he is brought to their headquarters in nyc , where he immediately impresses milton , and is subsequently offered a full-time position as head of their newly-created criminal law division .
existenz has been called " a gooey matrix " , and while this is a correct description in some ways , in others it is completely off .
yuck .
not here .
these two threads are joined by a third one in which there is a strange and comic murder that goes terribly wrong .
james garner plays raymond hope , a former cop and one of harry's best friends .
i've seen more original stuff on the wb .
that might have been an exciting notion if it wasn't for the fact that the " odd couple " of jack lemmon and walter matthau have been reunited in several recent movies : 1993's " grumpy old men , " 1995's " grumpier old men , " and 1997's " out to sea " ( i . e .
the credibility of the human relationship is absolutely crucial to the rest of the film ; if we don't believe in the characters , we don't care about the outcome of the thriller plot .
the product of his genuis is really something to see -- it can bring tears to your eyes just as it uplifts you .
nothing that you can't get from any cop film .
his performance in this film perhaps isn't breathtaking , yet adequate .
the film is set in toronto , and follows several people in their various escapades on the last night of existence .
by the end of the film , it had audiences in deep thought .
since mulan's father is infirm , but proud , the high-spirited mulan steals her father's armor and , incognito , signs up to face the mongolian menace .
maud adams ( later to star in octopussy ) is a much more stronger and useful character , but she hardly features in the movie .
in fact , it's downright boring , and , despite being half the length of cameron's current box-office champ , deep rising feels like the longer movie .
then he meets tenley parrish ( jessica biel ) , daughter of one of the blue bloods whose lawn he manicures .
aliens is an action film unlike any i have ever seen .
error .
that is simply because the character is such a grand and complete liar , that one almost faults the performance for it .
i'm not declaring that the film has no structure .
it would be a success story if he were choosing better scripts but his last major film was ronin ( one of those almost but not quite movies ) which followed the island of dr . morneau
i'm not sure if they will get much airplay , but at least one of the songs will no doubt receive recognition come oscar time .
after discovering that she is the princess , z falls in love , but there's a problem : bala is getting married to general mandible ( gene hackman ) , a ruthless leader who merely wants to control a better and stronger colony .
none of the high spirits of the earlier films are apparent here .
does this sound interesting to you ?
his two previous films , badlands and days of heaven , are spectacularly beautiful and obscure motion pictures .
they are so wrong .
unfortunately there are no deep characters , and little to make us care who eventually ends up with the metal case or why they want it .
for example , homer is clearly not the strongest student in his class .
they take the survivors and the satellite back to the lab , where stone pressures the white house to call up a " directive 712 , " an executive order to cauterize the area around the town with a nuclear bomb .
well , maybe children .
joe is cocky , but also good at heart as he continues to carry out kind deeds for people he doesn't even know .
he has become an unquestioning weapon .
he and his family are assaulted psychologically and financially by the giant tobacco industry that had never lost a legal fight .
the actors remain true to their characters and play them well , without overplaying the jokes .
mcgowan manages to be upstaged by her real-life boyfriend , rocker marilyn manson , whose fifteen second role here is far more interesting than anything any of the " real " actors are doing .
by the time the movie finishes , you will have gone thru every plot twist imaginable .
although at times it too may seem a little far fetched , it should be much more believable than hackers to regular computer users .
extended review : you know , i remember when hitmen were evil , murderous scum .
the result is a film -- though not at first intended to be pigeon-holed as a holiday film -- that will always be remembered , celebrated , and loved .
frequent readers of mine will not be surprised to learn that i've never watched an episode .
there is only one good thing about the way " mission to mars " finally ends : the fact that the movie is over .
his wife ( cameron diaz ) supports the both of them by working at a petstore , which explains the obscure pets they keep in their apartment .
strangely enough , they were both directed by john woo and both star john travolta .
as far as i can tell , it refers to a very small plot detail that isn't developed , just like the rest of these unnecessary story elements .
he next meets elderly mathilde ( patachou ) , in the chapter titled " my grandmother , " and soon learns that she , too , has a fondness for the same tv soap opera that felix has grown addicted to .
the transfer on this international version is incredible . . .
branagh , an esteemed shakespearean actor and director , adds marginal enjoyment to the film .
but when ma james ( kathy bates ) becomes one of their victims , jesse and the rest of the guys ( gregory smith , ty o'neal , joe stevens ) form the james-younger gang to wreak revenge by attacking the railroad's supply lines , sabotaging track and robbing the banks where the payroll is kept .
looks ?
however , the dark comedic moments are more memorable .
he succeeds in having dixon incarcerated in a mental hospital , and for a moment all appears well .
it is , in fact , surprising that carpenter managed to fit so many pieces of his previous work into this film in such an admittedly novel way .
when palmer joins a selection committee to choose an ambassador to vega ( of which ellie is a leading candidate ) , personal convictions play a more important role than love interests .
also , sid realises that his budgie has caused him nothing but trouble since it started predicting horse race winners .
you won't fail to like mike , however , played endearingly by jon favreau .
as a revolutionary war hero in the patriot , mel gibson provides another macho man performance for hollywood audiences .
there is some action in this film , but it's directed in such an annoying way , it's just infuriating to watch .
for example , if your roommate is plagued by terrible nightmares as a result of being stalked and nearly murdered not long ago , would you sneak into her room late at night and hide in the closet , even if it was just to locate and borrow a cute little dress ?
no humans were harmed , tested or tasted in the making of this film .
connery plays his character with the exact amount of wit and experience needed .
it's more effective for the headless horseman to be an elusive demon than an elusive demon with an ulterior motive .
or here's another : demarkov set-up her own death by cutting off her arm with a circular saw .
though that plot-line is mostly enjoyable , the thing i liked the most about the film is how much pleasure it offers in introducing us to minor characters , all of whom ( now this is really something ) are terrific enough to warrant their own films .
some of the most telling characters are those that serve to highlight other characters .
can't be that good ) .
sheffield has become some sort of a semi-slum with the only visible increase in anything was the amount of layoffs from steel-factories ; a once flourishing industry .
in the end , i can't call it a bad effort .
the plot is uninteresting , boring and bad .
the first thirty minutes or so of bad boy bubby , which bring us to this point , are quite brilliant .
and let's not forget all the guards on death row , who also happen to be angels from the heaven above , except for one cookie-cutter crazy guard who is also evil personified ( and is there any reason why there are about six guards when there appears to be no more than three inmates ? ? ? ) .
that character is steve rubell , played with more perceptiveness by mike myers than this limp production deserves .
soldier a film review by michael redman copyright 1998 by michael redman
the guns in this film are deadly weapons , not cartoons .
despite the appearance of a whipped cream bikini or the all-night strip-club party , there's nothing even remotely tantalizing .
sethe is the one being haunted , but the ghost in the house is the least of her fears .
and as for freeman , kiss the girls is his second dog in a year : first chain reaction , now this .
in the midst of all the action , the terseness , the one-liners , the fake sets , the overall waste of time , i recognized matt malloy playing an underwritten nasa technician ( " malloy , give me a reading " ) .
did anybody know this film existed a week before it opened ?
without a body , his comic timing is the most noticeable thing .
but somewhere along the line , travolta got the starring role in the tarantino masterpiece pulp fiction and his career soared once again .
.
there also is a running gag about one of the characters , jeff , missing a hand and how it occurred .
it consists of many swamps and slums and , on the other hand , rich estates owned by the town's different benefactors .
while there is an undeniable chemistry between the pair , the impact of their reunion is lessened by the fact that they've headlined three films together since 1993 : " grumpy old men , " " grumpier old men " and " out to sea . "
the low point in the film has weaver employing a russian accent bad enough to make boris and natasha wince , while doing half-assed slapstick with a broken off penis from a statue .
those days are gone .
watching one of these movies , everything seems to make sense until suddenly you are blown away by an unexpected surprise .
he's all brawn and no brains , so there are no epiphanies during his investigation .
but it's the acting that hits the mark , and damon hits all the right notes , flying over robin williams' deja-vu role ( " awakenings " was written all over this ) as a devastated shrink who has closed all contact with society due to his wife's tragic death .
it's the sort of movie i wish i could've had a lot of fun with , but i didn't .
and although carrey does not deserve an academy award nomination ( just as well , the academy rarely honors goofy comedians , excepting robin williams ) , he stretches enough to alter his hyper-silly image considerably .
dr . strangelove 93 min .
( " you dawn't own mah life ! "
the child enola , played by tina majorino , is living proof that a child actor need not be a bad thing to have in a movie ; she outshines her material all the way through .
so what do you get when you mix together plot elements from various successful sci-fi films such as close encounters of the third kind , 2001 : a space odyssey , apollo 13 and contact ?
they all drive fast cars , look oh-so-fabulous even in the morning , and don't seem to get a scratch even when fighting armed men , having buildings explode ten feet in front of them , or flying through the air in matrix slow-motion .
it is at that point when all your hopes for a good entertainment disappears out of the window .
aren't dental records more important ?
the hunted is such a bad movie , so completely inept and so totally brain-damaged that i could almost feel affection for it .
knowing that she needs a secret identity , supergirl basically " wills " herself into a school girl outfit ( complete with a different hairstyle ) , picks the alias linda lee and enrolls into school .
do you speak english ?
aliens focuses on an entire race of these aliens , and as a result , the chills are incredibly heightened .
these staples of his work are all present in jackie brown , but what's new here is a different facet of his storytelling -- a willingness to imbue the film with a poignant emotional undercurrent , and a patience to draw out several scenes with great deliberation .
actually , in " double team , " neither's performance is all that bad .
both of them should have known better .
wayne wang's ( " the joy luck club " ) inept direction made a weak script even weaker by his inability to tell the story unfolding without the voiceover relating what the action couldn't convey .
two members of the group notice rocks slipping and falling above them , and one even sees a streak fly by , but disregards it as nothing .
these people are the ones who will go into a large cave underground so that the impact of the comet won't kill off the entire human race .
it made me think in retrospect of the similarities between the two films .
again , her role will become more important in the later episodes , and is given little to do here .
douglas strongly believes that a character traveled through the transport from their world to ours , and killed fuller .
bewilderingly inane stylistic decisions plague the whole affair - one character passes a glass of cognac to another in a slow-motion close-up awash in a lot of bass .
as the film begins we see the residents of argo city , a commune like place consisting of refugees from krypton which resides in " inner space " , go about their daily lives .
every one of spielberg's subjective underwater shots makes us feel queasy because lets us see how we look to the shark : a bunch of writihing , dangling , completely unprotected legs just ready to be chomped into .
and within a very limited time frame .
parker and the vicious circle ( which , despite its uncomfortable tone , was close to being a conventional movie ) , director alan rudolph has returned to his unique brand of film making with afterglow , a romantic black comedy about love , betrayal , and self-absorption .
he also has eyes for lauren holly , a flight attendent , and seems to grow closer to her .
the direction lacks cohesion , surprising from a director whose previous credits are impeccable .
fatal charm's storyline , such as it is , inspires more yawns than thrills .
roger ebert asks in his review of sexy beast , " who would have guessed that the most savage mad-dog frothing gangster in recent movies would be played by . . .
after all , he was a founding member of the highly influential french new wave .
the film often and always explodes into warfare without warning--spontaneously , stupidly .
however , the real on-screen star is eddie murphy .
the main character steve is also unlikable because of the person he becomes just to seek out revenge .
danny elfman's score has a nice primitive feel , but jerry goldsmith's 1968 tour de force score is a real classic .
they are all being watched by millions of people around the globe , people who can tune in at any time of the day to see what is happening in truman's life .
how writer neil simon could've made such a horrible mistake in screen writing is beyond me .
this is the part that literally had me groping for a breath of air .
sandra bullock , for her part , is more loose and appealing than she has been in her last half-dozen films combined , avoiding her recent habit of playing any semblance of character depth as moping .
he hires a private investigator to find her : pat healy ( matt dillon ) .
into his shop one day wanders famous actress anna scott ( roberts ) .
the characters in this drama are a mixture of simple and intellectual folk , brothers and friends , who all fall prey to the avarice of money .
a stranger among us , 1992 rip-off of peter weir's witness , belongs to the latter category .
once the story gets going , i do concede a momentary burst of interest once in a while , but on the whole , the situations that arise are silly and contrived .
if there's a disappointment here , it's that the script doesn't have more resonance , but the privilege of seeing such a fine cast in top form allows a viewer to enjoy this picture even if the story is somewhat conventional .
sounds too boring ?
evil football coach kilmer throws away moxxon's book , though , while the evil team physician injects painkillers into the players .
however , we are always kept distant from gloria's character .
american pie also wants to emulate the teen flicks your parents _would_ let you watch growing up .
sometimes even , people giggle in these moments , as if there were a vacant emotion behind them , yearning for some brightness to soothe their wounds .
mr . orange , meanwhile , is on the floor , dying from a gunshot wound .
even a science fiction film must be internally consistent .
fiorentino is also a fun presence .
much like the american collective memory of jfk's camelot , the image is wondrous if you don't look too deep .
i do have to take exception to the claim that this film marks her career resurrection , though -- she's been working steadily over the years , often in direct-to-video action flicks , but also in such recent theatrical releases as tim burton's mars attacks !
the combination of familial anguish and romantic rejection twists inside him , and it is easy to see how he is seduced by the growing mob mentality : the muslim cause gives him a motive to vent his anger and hate .
i'll admit it . . .
that's why the word of mouth killed " the lost world ! "
mike and worm have been in over their heads their entire lives , but both share a passion for out-thinking the other player who is trying to do the same to them .
oh well .
however , since seeing it again , i realize that the swearing is mainly just an aspect of the restrained hatred in the characters .
one has narcolepsy , one has tourette's syndrome , one is a man . . .
so is " original sin " really all that bad ?
his host's reluctance to allow him to freely move around the island becomes clear when he stumbled into moreau's lab , when a monstrous birth was in progress .
their script has her capriciously switching from confident adult to ditzy , blubbering woman-child at the least provocation .
you'll see enormous sandstorms , hear mysterious sounds and , last but not least , on this " constantly surprising " tour you'll see -- an alien .
his chemistry with children can moisten any eye .
after a start in films that was headline driven , and a nadir of roles that had her play the sluttish character , it's a surprise to see her with bad hair , big glasses and braces .
who were the major people involved , what were their motives , how was the story almost killed , how did it get aired anyway ?
( gordon first discovers rita in a cage , waiting to be rescued . )
however , unlike " the hurricane " where denzel washington dominated over the rest of the cast , poitier shares the spotlight with rod steiger , who won best actor for his excellent performance .
" if there's a beast in men , it meets its match in women , too . "
we're still here .
but when the first mortal kombat movie came out in 1995 , it did surprisingly well .
dazed , a beautiful brunette ( laura elena harring ) emerges and stumbles down a hill , slipping unobserved into a '30s-style apartment as the tenant leaves for a trip .
he is a beekeeper and this is his " busy " season .
one would have wished for a better 'matrix' , but i do have to say , i did like it and i was entertained .
the boy is all blond flowing hair and rosy cheeks , and there's nothing more than a spark of aggression in him throughout the entire movie .
a group of very bad men are out to find two halves of an object that , if reassembled just as the planets align , will give them control over time itself .
we're not supposed to be able to notice that , and when we do , at least in my case , i consider it a wrong choice in casting .
his name is max ( pruitt taylor vince ) and he plays the trumpet .
what writer stephen peters does not grasp is this becomes tediously uninvolving , almost unbearable , if those who inhibit this twisted world are not interesting , don't feel real or we don't care for them .
oddly , the audience i saw the film with , roughly 50 twelve year-old girls , sat in silence for the entire film .
it !
it's set in 1960 harwich , connecticut , where 11-year-old bobby garfield ( anton yelchin ) lives in a boarding house run by his cold , self-centered mother elizabeth ( hope davis , joe gould's secret ) , who seems to care more about her wardrobe than her son .
good thing brad dourif is here , but wait . . . he's only in the movie for five minutes _and_ he's just redoing his good-natured stuttering character from one flew over the cuckoo's nest .
also , it is hoped that the success of mulan , and there is no doubt that it will prove to be a popular vehicle , will spur an interest for more movies with oriential or asian-american themes so as to provide more substantial roles for the talented performers who gave their voices for this production .
a practical man , luis chooses a frumpy looking lady , hoping she will be a loyal mate able to provide him with children .
sometimes it was hard to believe that this story , with terrible dialogue , some bad acting , especially from craig bierko , and scenes that go absolutely nowhere , are actually true .
it has a tender moment between * forbidden lovers * ben affleck and liv tyler , with , with , animal crackers !
as for adam baldwin , he is nothing more than a stooge who is ordered to beat women when the director shouts ? action' , and the script should have been reworked to avoid much offence against the female sex .
post-production cuts or not , there is nothing original about this screenplay , and nothing unpredictable either .
and the film ends on an obligatory artistic note of ambiguity , that seems to be the way it is for all those wannabe artistic films , as ray is off to florida all by his lonesome self to try to put his life together .
as everyone else has probably already pointed out , he is reminiscent of a young dustin hoffman ( although i was reminded more of paul from " the wonder years " , from a visual standpoint , at least ) .
this vessel crash lands on fury 109 .
the ultimate match up between good and evil , " the untouchables " is an excellent movie because it looks deeper into an already examined rivalry .
hartman comes up with a new plan .
apparently filmmakers are running out of creative ways to disguise their mad slashers .
the action scenes are muddled and as difficult to follow as any action movie i've ever seen ( my , um , favorite part was the scene where a trio of them end up somehow on the outside of the ship , during a five minute bouillabaisse of tidal waves , rain , and any other ocean-extremeties the film can cook up , then end up back in the ship when one of them is revealed to have apparently drowned - well , i must say , thanks for telling me afterwards because i sure couldn't figure it out when i saw it ) .
it is just aiming for a crowd pleaser and that's what it is .
fellini treats all those characters with warmth and affection , even when he paints them as grotesque caricatures of real people .
if any of this sounds familiar , congratulations .
but , who goes next ?
just shut the hell up .
walter matthau and jack lemmon team up again for an even more worn out vehicle than any of their films over the past few years .
mars has proven an infertile breeding ground for hollywood in the last year or so , what with the stillborn " mission to mars " and " red planet " ( with val kilmer ) .
in both video games and action movies , the plot is just an excuse for the action sequences .
in short , the film is too simplistic for adults and contains too much romance and not enough action or humor for the younger set .
squealing like a stuck pig , francie does " the likes o' that " on the nugent's living room floor , and is himself whisked away to a very catholic remand home for " boney arsed bogmen , " where his ever fertile imagination--and clever chicanery--runneth over .
behind the wheel of a car , i was driving down a straight road in the middle of a desert .
the steadicam opening scene does a good job of introducing the cage character and is a virtuoso technical job by both the director and the actor .
but after a couple months , we all move on to the next " event " film while intaking little films and a couple indy ones for good measure .
i guess even jeff craig from " 60 second preview " ( who said tank girl " kicks butt ! "
apparently i overestimated the intelligence of the average movie-goer , considering that the film has pulled in over $200 million in domestic theatrical grosses alone .
at this point i'm rapidly wondering why i'm bothering with this nonsense .
still , all the while sidney stays concealed in her home , only visiting dad for the first half-hour of the film , while also having horrifying visions of her mother , which takes us back a bit to sidney ? ? ? s fear of becoming what her mother was ? ? 'or , at least , what her mother was secretly .
while the action is frantic , the military strategy , wildly illogical even by hollywood standards , grows tiresome quickly .
in the first movie , `i know what you did last summer' , julie and three of her friends accidentally kill a man , running him down while driving down a dark mountain highway .
suddenly my mind has shifted from the task at hand ( that being reviewing this completely wonderful movie ) and i'm pontificating on why the hell jones would desire douglas .
the first image in " final fantasy : the spirits within " is a computer-animated close-up of a human eye .
i soon learned , however , that the fantasy was the expectation of a decent film .
we're going to hollywood . "
`the bachelor' is one of the best terrible movies you will ever see .
enough of the charade - for the most part , hudson hawk is an excruciating experience .
once george clooney and nicole kidman enter the picture , it begins to take off .
hmmmm , well , the main actor , justin chambers , is basically an uncharismatic version of chris o'donnell but with less range ( think about that ! ) , and mena suvari , is just plain off .
the story is as follows .
no , hilarious .
you know that a movie has issues when most everyone in the audience comes out laughing . . . and
some of her mainstay clients include valerie barksdale ( hilary swank ) , who is severely abused by her husband donnie ( keanu reeves ) , and buddy cole ( giovanni ribisi ) , an unstable mechanic who is confused by the nightmares he's been having about a mysterious blue diamond that is somehow linked to his father .
this is the same dog melvin had earlier shoved down the garbage .
she doesn't have any compelling presence , and there's nothing particularly interesting about her this time around to make us care about her other than that she's the returning heroine .
but it's intelligently written ( with dialogue that is occasionally brilliant ) , strongly directed , and nicely acted .
plot : a rich psychiatrist with a great home life gets his cute daughter kidnapped by some bad guys who want him to extract some information from the mind of one of his nutty patients .
they will take some incident like the investigation of a mysterious plane crash and tell you what happened in detail .
along the way we learn about their pasts and the opportunities that have come and gone by .
this is a miscalculation , as characters so lacking in empathy value are difficult ones to place much emotional investment in .
and those elements alone are not enough to make it a good film .
i have never been a " star trek " fan , and , to tell the truth , out of the five films in the series that i have seen ( 1 , 2 , 3 , 8 , 9 ) , i have disliked all of them .
if your canadian , a strong christian , fat , gay or anything else , you will be offended .
unfortunately , the film has two major deux ex machinas : one in the disasterous ending ; the other , about a half hour in when the film goes into autopilot and becomes a stale and recycled piece of crap we've seen all too much before , but never from someone like depalma .
worse than that , it's also exploitative , offensive , and insulting to the intelligence at every turn .
driven by southern chivalry , a driving rainstorm and his unspoken attraction to the fragile waitress , magruder offers her a ride home .
yes , more scarier than my seventh grade english teacher and even scarier than the bullies that constantly hounded me , trying to deal with my personal wonderment about sex was like trying to fight an invisible monster .
" ok , that's fine , but i want you to add bug guts . "
mike and worm bob and weave through all kinds of games at all kinds of places , from socialites' mansions , to taking the tourists at atlantic city , to outwitting the gangsters that control it all .
the film is larger than life and has a keen sense of the absurd .
a business affair was loosely based on the real-life literary and romantic travails of married authors barbara skelton and cyril connolly , in their celebrated 1950s love triangle .
the renegade has to prove his good name and is trapped between the good guys , the bad guys and some woman who really has nothing to do with the story other than being there for the purpose of providing sex for the hero in the middle of the film .
first and foremost i think this movie comes to grief at the hands of the pg rating it's been given .
the classification of the truman show may be tricky .
likely to cause some discussion afterwards , `under the sand' is a fine movie going experience .
alien introduced ripley as smart and resourceful ; aliens simultaneously toughened her up and made her more vulnerable , exploring her maternal side ; alien3 saw her undergoing the seven stages of death .
? available on home video .
but when dissected and understood , what it all boils down to is that this stuff is just so goddamn lame .
befriending a young couple who had come to see dr . larch , he hitches a ride with them and parlays that into landing a job as an apple picker with a group of black migrant workers at the orchard where they lived .
the rest of the cops , including hobbes' partner , jonesy ( john goodman ) ; lou ( james gandolfini ) , a newcomer to the department ; and lieutenant stanton ( donald sutherland ) , don't have a clue , and , as a result , they are in mortal danger .
the catch - nathan only has until five o'clock to solve the puzzle !
as a third outing , the island of dr . moreau
much of the mystery is dropped for the sake of getting the point .
and did i mention gwen's sister kiki ( roberts ) is along for the ride ?
she plays claire cooper , a massachusetts children's book illustrator who's plagued by terrifying nightmares involving kidnaped children .
the principal ( michael mckean ) is horrified of her , and she is unanimously despised among her fellow staff members .
he has to make the story interesting .
the story follows a man , rudy ( ben affleck ) , who is leaving prison in a few days along with his best friend and cellmate nick ( james frain ) .
the film attempts to teach us that collecting material possessions is merely a futile attempt to fill the spiritual holes in our hearts , but that's common knowledge already .
the rest , as they say in showbiz , was history .
the horror and suspense of the original simply could not be repeated .
again , against tradition , talking animals aren't used , but a lusty , wizened , talking tree is .
this gives lola twenty minutes to come up with 100 , 000 marks , or her boyfriend dies .
the tv show was about an impossible mission force whose deft teamwork , orchestrated by jim phelps , allowed them to counfound evil dictators of mythic banana republics from inflicting their sordid schemes upon the world .
a movie like mortal kombat : annihilation works ( and must be reviewed on ) multiple levels .
when bob comes into marty's restaurant after hours , marty immediately begins quizzing bob about his marital status .
the road to wellville =====================
lost in space , as if you really didn't know , is based on the 60's sci-fi television series of the same name .
robin williams is excellent in this role .
worse , she's in a dead-end relationship with high-school sweetheart wayne ( dylan mcdermott ) .
unfortunately , this preconception saps the film of some of it's would-be suspenseful moments , and anything good left in those scenes is largely attributed to jackson's acting ability .
allow me to advise that you never watch this stinker .
my reaction : ho-hum .
but it does have its flaws .
quinn was adequate in both roles as naval officer ramirez and the real jackal , but didn't offer anything extraordinary , in my opinion .
well , to its credit , cousins is just such a movie .
reprising joe' s line at the train station , we are induced to question why our primeval impulses so easily transcend our humanity .
in the sweet hereafter , egoyan tells his story in a similar framework to his exotica or the adjuster .
rob has built an extensive collection in his record store as well as his home and he organizes them depending on what mood he is in .
not that contributing little to the plot is a big problem .
paul campbell , as the `loose cannon' capone , essays his role perfectly , displaying the right amount of menace and compassion at the right times .
bang bang
and i didn't know daniel day-lewis was in such good shape .
this is a teen movie , all right , except the main characters aren't teens .
it's obviously got this big secret to hide , but it seems to want to hide it completely until its final five minutes .
sound like something charlton heston might be in ?
the film begins in new york , where we see children dying from a mysterious disease , which is being carried by cockroaches .
in the meantime , someone sends sarah rotting flowers , puts her name in the newspaper's obituary column , and kills her cat .
fortunately , they take her hostage , and she and jack spend some quality time in the trunk together as buddy drives them to safety .
at the outset of swordfish , john travolta's gabriel shear is pontificating about the status of american cinema today .
now , more than 20 similarly-themed pictures later , jesse james and his notorious gang of outlaws ride again in a banal mtv spin on an american legend .
but when things go wrong -- as they always do in these situations -- terry and his team ( which includes the most surprising casting choice of the year : david caruso ) take matters into their own hands .
he provided a fantastic performance .
this script goes all over the map , giving you the feeling that it'd just love to be allegory , but it's not sure about what-- maybe if you give it time it'll think of something .
what doesn't make sense is how such high-profile and superb actors as john travolta , robert duvall , william h . macy , and kathleen quinlan got involved in this project , which is both dull and completely ineffective .
the only aspect of the movie that actually works is the budding relationship between danza and the dead woman's sister .
antz is rated pg for mild language and some intense action .
there is a burly , female car mechanic , so of course , there is a forced lesbianism gag .
the most interesting backdrop is the amount of religious dedication is in the film .
if it is , i can't say i blame the writer for distancing himself as far from this script as possible .
they are simply spectacular--almost worth the price of admission .
add that to lisa kudrow , boring us with yet another one of her patented " dumb blonde " routines , but this time , dressed in sexier outfits .
would our society become a bunch of soulless zombies ?
one-sided " doom and gloom " documentary about the possible annihilation of the human race as foretold by the bible .
simply put , it is far-fetched , poorly crafted , but very entertaining .
his faithful dog charlie is now " weebo " , the hovering robot .
you'll see .
in any event , 54 is pallid without the contrast .
michael is able to get steven , who ends up losing his legs , to medical care , while nick finds his way to saigon and a u . s . army hospital .
`affliction' explores how a man never truly escapes the grip of an unforgivingly nightmarish childhood .
the movie opens on a painfully repetitious montage of bulworth's latest commercials condemning affirmative action .
somehow a plot dealing with all the dinosaurs being mutated and transported to an alternate futuristic mega-city jumbles in .
the title is taken from the writings of ralph waldo emerson describing the life of a traveler as 'anywhere but here . '
early scenes take a long , long time to build up to this .
while the gay community was once very stereotyped and used to laugh * at * , it is more and more becoming something we laugh * with * , and when a movie like in & out comes along , it is something that both heterosexuals and homosexuals should be able to thoroughly enjoy .
even if you haven't seen the truman show , you've probably learned most of the crucial details from the commercials , the trailer and other promotion blitzes .
after sam is cleared , kelly's mother pays sam a very substantial amount of cash in order for him not to sue her .
antz , however , has upped the ante considerably .
or if you have hbo , just wait till it comes on ( you won't have to wait long . )
everything is clean . "
funny , eh ?
in the end the effects are the only reason to see this film in the first place .
ms . bening makes the character of carolyn so compelling as to be identifiable to almost anyone .
his acting talents are much greater than they might seem , but he is given a mostly bland and ineffective role to work with .
suspense ?
less interesting are co-stars kurt russell and jaye davidson of crying game fame .
with the release of gattaca , i began to wonder why all science fiction films deal with destructive aliens , or aliens in general .
an mtv background ( she cut her teeth directing rock videos for xtc and others ) has positively influenced her sense of pace ( though , thankfully , not her shot lengths-no spasmodic cutting here ) ; at just over 100 minutes , _onegin_ clicks along like a brisk walk through valleys of despair .
this production is a dark , and frighteningly realistic one that does so much more than entertain for the 103 minutes it occupies ; it shocks as well .
* * * pretty good , bring a friend .
it does win you over , though , even if it is painfully predictable .
we see close shots of people's faces , contorted by their rage .
jp2 was an adventure , as doyle said , " for the boy who's half man or the man who's half boy . "
several new voices have been added , with joan cusack , kelsey grammer , and wayne knight doing fine work .
in its many incarnations--graphic novels ( " manga " ) , two different runs of made-for-video episodes ( original animation videos , or oavs for short ) , and a television series running to nearly fifty episodes--patlabor has proven to be one of the most popular series ever in japan .
dillon then takes the drunken coyle for a long drive and executes him mob-style , having a kid who works for him dump the body in some bad section of boston .
in fact , hall's ten minutes on screen are the funniest ten minutes in the movie .
the obvious reason for producing a sequel to an immensely popular movie is to acquire continued profits .
( except there's no red , of course . )
at least for those first 40 minutes it's an * interesting * rip-off of alien .
numerous re-writes ( the script may be credited to three people , but it's a gross underestimate ) have crammed this lean 90-minute film with tons of extraneous plot threads that all remain underdeveloped .
armageddon also has lots of action , with a capital " a " .
the action scenes are also some of the most beautifully choreographed i have ever seen .
lapaglia plays stevie dee , a suave , overly polite mafioso who is formally courting sheedy with old-fashioned chivalry .
but the body count soon starts to rise , and for julie , it's going to be the worst vacation of her life .
for timing reasons having to do with baby sitters , we recently went to a multiplex and saw undercover blues .
the film ends with the attempted robbery of the hospital's pills with panic ensuing .
the dark , eerie atmosphere that oozed from every frame of the empire strikes back is gone .
in the u . s . , warner brothers is hoping the movie will follow in the footsteps of paul hogan , inxs , and shrimp on the barby to become the latest rage from down under .
the only good thing about this movie was they played outtakes at the end .
this is the kind of movie that makes one appreciate disney's live- action george of the jungle .
well he's a guy you see , and well , guys are like stallions , and they apparently don't like to be roped or something ( hey , that's the movie's explanation . . .
i also doubt that familiarity with the series would allow me to understand more clearly the chain of events that do take place in this film .
his crisp direction ensures the movie has nary an ounce of fat on it .
these scenes grow worse and worse , culminating in an absurd climax .
stephane becomes even more rational and controlled , while camille becomes more tempestuous , until she almost borders on suffering a nervous breakdown due to the inability to consummate their relationship .
but she's terribly unconvincing in this and her performance seems stale and unsatisfying ) doesn't really add to the movie at all ; just takes away .
gary " gal " dove ( played by ray winstone ) has retired from a london career of crime and is living on a luxurious villa in spain .
the story involves a veteran publicist ( billy crystal ) who is summoned to orchestrate a press junket in las vegas when an arrogant director ( christopher walken ) holds a megabuck movie hostage in his editing room , refusing to show it to anyone .
henry ably manages to avoid diluting his story by aiming at too many targets and the result is a crisp and funny mini-classic .
so he spends the majority of the film developing pointless side stories which all eventually become superfluous .
alien 3 is rated r for strong violence and language , and sex .
he ends up in a cemetery where he puts his money in a coffin to keep it for later , comes back and realizes that someone took it and put it somewhere .
-------------------- " fail-safe " ( usa , 1964 ) drama , 111 minutes
she dies before he is released and it's at the cemetery that victor is reacquainted with elena--redemption , ultimately , substituting for revenge .
now despite all this negativity ( and i'm not alone here . . . supergirl is not a well liked nor a well respected movie in many circles ) , leave it to the good people at anchor bay entertainment to actually make people not only interested , but excited about its release on dvd !
there's even a nod to " the blues brothers , " if you can believe it , and the filmmakers even get in a little light-hearted ribbing at the expense of their star voice actor , taking a couple of very subtle jabs at mel gibson's nationality and film history .
perhaps the most powerful visual statement in the film , was the dead cow from pesticides shown in the opening scene .
the gags are like those in the great robert altman ( m * a * s * h , the long goodbye ) movies , where jokes exist as asides on the fringes , like jokes in life often do .
did he commit suicide ?
rest assured he'll do all he can to match up garofalo and o'hara .
it's all true/three men on a raft ( u . s . a . , 1942/1986 ) director : orson welles
is this part of the experiment ?
of course , these peaceful people can't horde this fountain of youth all for themselves ? leave it up to their archenemies , the son'a , led by ru'afo ( f .
luckily , the x-files movie is coming up , and hopefully armageddon will be more successful .
in all fairness , however , a few rays of sunshine do manage to break through the gloomy cloud surrounding the movie .
only the recognizeable elijah wood ( deep impact ) is at the front ; other than that , the screen veterans are saved for the minor roles of the alien teachers .
it's not simply idiotic , it's contemptuous of its audience .
the only other saving grave in the movie itself is angus , the sweet little bulldog .
the plot itself is not as original as the filmmakers want us to think , since they have virtually sucked out all information from the best science fiction classics , including blade runner and 'dark city' .
he fights with the guards and is dragged off to be disciplined .
fellini couldn't produce such effects without using his own directorial talent that gave a very personal touch to this movie .
i simply enjoyed the film .
0 ( -4 to +4 )
his no-frills visual style hasn't changed much over the years , though ( dogma's widescreen compositions at least have blockbuster affectations ) , nor has his writing-his characters still sit around delivering one caustic , hilarious speech after another .
what are the implications of this ?
like the snake in " anaconda , " the thirty-foot monster crocodile doesn't seem real ; it moves too quickly and in ways that seem unnatural .
the most consistently effective gag revolves around the propaganda team's attempt to forge a fictional war hero out of sgt .
harrelson plays the cocky celebrity reporter with a heart of gold by allowing the character's caring nature and vulnerability shine through .
for all the coolness that duchovny exhibits in " x-files " , it's a surprise that his big screen presence is so lacking in charisma .
whether jackie wins or loses , it's really something to see . . . and
i've never seen a movie work so hard and in so little time to destroy , systematically , any chance of being credible or interesting .
when bartender mighty mack mcteer ( john goodman ) joins the group , the blues brothers band is complete , and once again , the group travels the country , crashing cars , blowing things up , and obstructing peace with more than just solid blues rock .
in such cases , mistakes are understandable - genre boundaries are never clearly marked .
i mean , there were dumb situations , yeah , like the cropduster who let these old geezers have it without any notice , but they just really didn't seem funny to me .
jack black steals the show with a hilariously realistic performance as a total sleaze ball .
( suggested alternate title--jim carrey : will do anything for a laugh . )
[theater rating : * * 1/2 : good seats , average sound , picture unstable]
actually , it's nice to see a risk at all .
i give titanic 3 stars ( .
a dog of flanders is a delightful , heartwarming family film that is sure to entertain kids of all ages .
had this movie been made in the 80's , it would have been ground-breaking .
time alone will make that call .
his entrance , however , is a grand one : out from the trees he leaps , gargantuan and imposing , sporting hands big enough to crush a volkswagen bug , and a pair of feet much larger than any pro basketball player will ever have .
well , there's a little bit of all of that in " the wedding singer " and while i exited the theater still not one hundred percent sure of mr . sandler's thing , i did have a surprisingly good time .
here is a man who is like any other citizen on the surface .
" dear son , i got cancer " his mother writes to him in jail .
even foreign films are taking that advice to heart .
remarkably levinson and hoffman's other currently showing film is " wag the dog " , a smart and entertaining piece of work .
now that would've had some pizzazz !
maybe there is hope for humanity after all .
to heighten the father's churlishness , the flashbacks are shown as home video footage taken by a very frightened person .
bringing up the rear , so to speak , is paul reubens ( yes , that's pee wee herman paul reubens ) as . . .
rocky iii seems to kind of fit in that category , but manages to be slightly unique .
is there any reason to go and see this movie ?
his dodgy dealings and summary shootings aggravate judge burke ( kenneth williams ) so much that he asks sheriff albert earp ( jon pertwee ) to drive rumpo out of town .
repeated use is made of the " werewolf cam " , an infrared wolf's point-of-view approach that's interesting the first couple of times it's employed , then becomes tedious .
i know that " funnest " isn't a word .
be very afraid .
wisely , he never aims for saintly .
this is the kind of father that every son would be ashamed to have and that any woman would be afraid to meet .
so , while the fleet prepares for the final battle , luke and company travel to the forest moon of endor to knock out the shield that defends the death star against all attacks .
titanic is one of the only films where effects have reinforced the film .
but what is so amazing about virus is how poorly the whole thing has been thought out .
griffin's delivery is dead-on , especially in the coining of " technical terms " for t . j . 's profession , as in " don't make me he-bitch man-slap you ! "
the direction and co-writing by jim sheridan ( with the other co-writing credit going to terry george ) is excellent , rounding out the characters well , but not pacing everything greatly .
eighteen years after the blues brothers hit theaters , blues brothers 2000 is being unleashed , minus half of its original duo ( the late john belushi ) and nearly all of its original charm .
.
there is a lot more gore in alien 3 .
jericho cane ( arnold schwarzneggar in hit typical macho role ) is a cop who finds out that he is chosen to track down satan ( living in gabriel byrnes body ) and stop him from impregnating christine york ( robin tunney ) because if he does , and she gives birth all existence as we know it will cease to exist .
the story , written by first-timer jonathan mostow ( who also directs ) is o . k , if surprisingly familiar and sometimes extraordinarily stupid .
then there were numerous little things that bothered me .
using his camera to create shots that elicit disturbing images of mob mentality , lang depicts man's volatility and `impulse' towards inconceivable cruelty .
the love story has been played up in the ads , perhaps hoping to catch people before they recover from titanic-fever .
the film opens with a stallion mounting a mare under the direction of her ladyship , which i guess is some kind of foreshadowing , because the missus of the house wants to have her son produce an heir .
for claudia .
he's mean .
i found this approach to be very clever because in a small duration of time there is a great amount of admiration for ness and an equal amount of hatred for capone .
the music , finally , assaults the audience as much as the manic violence and offensive dialogue .
i can't go back in time and reverse my mistake , but i can warn other horny teenage boys out there .
a bad film that succeeds as entertainment doesn't deserve to be fully lambasted .
the look is absolutely mesmerizing right from the opening moments to the last .
this is not the movie for those of you who like your vampires in tuxedos and living in coffins in the basement of some gothic castle .
a morgue attendant accidentally revives a dead woman through necrophilia and brings her into his world which is heavy on orgies .
it's so much that characters get left behind .
basically , the film exists to showcase angelina jolie's puffy lips and enhanced tits .
to pay lombardo for the damages , kelly's mother breaks her daughter's trust fund and gives him $8 . 5 million .
it gives us a half-assed protagonist named shane o'shea ( ryan phillippe , from " i know what you did last summer " ) , who's chief character trait is the fact that he's from new jersey , which also happens to be his chief character flaw ( i guess ) .
getting the hughes brothers to direct this seems almost as ludicrous as casting carrot top in , well , anything , but riddle me this : who better to direct a film that's set in the ghetto and features really violent street crime than the mad geniuses behind menace ii society ?
i wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone , anywhere , under any circumstance .
mcnaughton knows how to handle the camera , and he keeps the campy fillings of the script flowing with workmanlike ease , as if he knows the territory he's covering is a harmless appetizer to accompany " henry , " a furious , unsettling film directorial tour- de-force .
during his " trial , " brooks must view episodes of his life on a movie screen , and these scenes are both hysterically funny and painfully poignant .
it manages to capture the mix of murder and teen social observations , but misses three crucial elements : sharp dialogue , witty characters and the much-needed humor .
many blacks in hollywood complain that they are not nominated for awards based on their race .
and if your primary objective is catching a glimpse of her in the buff , check out either killing zoe or the passion of beatrice -- those movies have intelligible plots in addition to breasts .
his character , rob ( whose sort of like an older , more bitter lloyd from say anything ) is funny and tragic without being pathetic , and that cusack can do all this , and still not imprint himself onto the minds of most audiences , is something of an achievement .
starkly emotional , and brutally powerful , schindler's list strips away everything on the outset and leaves us ony feelings .
i'm a dedicated fan of writer kevin williamson's work .
kilmer is a bridge builder and that's all we see him as .
overall rating= review by david wilcock web space provided by geocities
there are some good performances , as usual , from sid james and kenneth williams in their standard roles .
the dialog goes from extremely funny to morose without missing a beat .
that's fine .
here , his bravado basically turns into bullyness .
i like the final set-piece , on de wynter's island , even if none of it makes a bit of sense .
unfortunately this level of honesty isn't maintained .
the shooter is killed instantly , so the story revolves around why the secretary was killed and who is involved in the conspiracy .
tim , please . . . for the love of god , beg your agent to ask the marketplace for some modern day " american roles " for you as a " nice guy " in a romantic comedy or something .
also , he seems to be strangely comfortable talking about racism in front of a lynch mob , particularly considering the fact that his family was killed by the likes of such folks .
fortunately this drowns out a lot of the dialogue .
it's not long before she sets the town of pleasantville on end , and begins to teach the townspeople - in a quite unlikely way - what life is * really * like .
it's probably safe to say that her day job beckons .
one of the things that feels different about an errol morris documentary -- besides the always-striking visuals -- is the interview style , where subjects seem to look directly at the viewer .
thank god they didn't name her cora reef .
take away the likes of waiting to exhale , set it off , soul food , and eve's bayou , and all that's left is a chance to be someone's girlfriend , a local whore , or a murder victim .
knock-knock .
it's a shock when writers will stoop this low just to draw cheap laughs by using john hughes' familiar home alone formula .
it is said that rudolph is a polarizing director ? meaning that most viewers either love his work or hate it .
she is strong and loyal as mrs . nixon .
libby is a tv-movie everywoman , but judd's intense performance draws us in and makes us forget that her character has no distinguishing characteristics .
the game is afoot . . . .
for some unknown reason ( read : contrived screenplay ) davidson puts up with all of woo's antics for the entire night , which include her destroying his bathroom mirror , stealing things from his house , violently questioning him ( accusing and belittling him actually ) about previous girlfriends , causing a riot in an elegant restaurant , and other various infuriating things that any normal person wouldn't tolerate .
insert proverbial downward spiral here .
his character in " metro " takes himself seriously .
.
it was up to kilmer to not come off as someone to pity , but to sympathize with , and he pulled it off .
teaming up with st . clair are a handful of blaine residents : allan pearl ( eugene levy ) , a jewish dentist who spent his youth not as the class clown , but sitting right next to him and studying him , ron and sheila albertson ( fred willard and catherine o'hara respectively ) , a married couple setting their sights on hollywood , libby mae brown ( parker posey ) , the dense but fun queen of the dairy queen , and a few others .
relax , take your shoes off , and break out the popcorn .
while clever and interesting the first few times , it quickly becomes apparent that flashbacks are being used because the film has nowhere to go .
the story begins with edward douglas ( thewlis ) , a un representative sent to oversee a peace treaty somewhere in the south pacific , who is saved from the brink of death by montgomery ( kilmer ) after his plane crashes into the sea .
not that these are the only things that make nello's life happy , however .
in that setting , it's quite normal for important technical problems to be solved with simple chainsaw and for the test pilots not to report their ribs being broken before most important flights .
and the movie is badly paced , too .
again , this is a solid performance .
however , i now realize that not only did men in black run out of gas , but the film in 90 minutes manages to show off a very original idea ( which summer audiences have embraced ) that becomes old about 25 minutes into the movie .
, 0 ( -4 to +4 ) .
the dozens of characters introduced and developed are like the petals on the flower .
full metal jacket succeeds extremely well in documenting the life of a young man in vietnam , as have others in the past .
i barely laughed at any gags , found the bong element contrived and repetitive , and was horrified not to find any gratuitous nudity tossed anywhere in this movie ( if you're gonna make a bad college comedy , at least slap in some free t&a shots for the kids : ) .
i guess sudden , sharp music chords are what passes for terror these days .
stiller , unshaven ( burroughs take note ) and with lots of mascara around the eyes , has stahl stumble through the film looking like a train wreck but , to his credit , never once pushes his pill-popping , needle-jabbing performance over the top .
what one tough cop lacks is originality .
so , in an effort to save joe , jill and gregg take the big gorilla to a preserve , where it is instantly clear that he is not safe from poachers .
let him grin demonically !
shane begins to hang out with some other denizens of the club , like anita ( salma hayek ) , a wannabe donna sommers , and her young hubby , greg randanzo ( breckin meyer , from " clueless " ) , who helps shane become a bartender and rise to a bit of fame .
it=92s not all perfect .
watching the exchanges between frank and john will give you a pretty good idea of how to answer that question .
he's smooth , he looks great in a tuxedo , and he's a convincing enough jerk that the winslet-dicaprio relationship looks plausible .
additionally , notifying the viewer that this is in fact murnau's film seems like afterthought since his name and the genuine title are written in small print below our goateed vampire .
eddie murphy was in bad shape for a while .
it's still as powerful as it was when it came out and still as romantic and tragic .
we meet pimps such as : fillmore slim , c-note , charm , k-red , gorgeous dre , bishop don magic juan , and rosebudd .
it's now up to the four of them to try to figure out who the killer is before it's too late .
the first 10 minutes or so vaguely resemble an interesting film , and the conclusion sports a halfway decent fistfight .
into this cold , bleak and bizarre world staggers a stranger , colqhoun ( robert carlyle ) , a half-starved scot who had been traveling with a group of settlers until they became snowbound .
murphy's tale of warring nightclub owners in harlem ( circa 1938 ) fails to add anything new to the formula .
it felt that i had dropped from college to kindergarten after seeing truman and ed .
however , at least washington was believable , which is more than can be said for embeth davidtz ( schindler's list ) and donald sutherland .
looking closely , you can tell which are the real snakes and which are not .
but , she does sex scenes alright .
she is engaged to glenn ( matthew glave ) , and is to marry him in about three months .
sullen , wise cogliostro and flatulating , wisecracking violator vy for spawn's attention .
the entire mood of the film is one reason it is so good ; at one point it's fun , and the next scene can turn serious and dramatic .
zero effect , which is jake kasdan's first effort as writer/director , is a film about a private investigator that succeeds in all attempts : it's an original , funny , and completely involving motion picture .
giosue ? must follow the rules without question to amass 1 , 000 points .
battlefield earth
any sense of story and plot were lost in the rewrite process .
one scene , you'll see a hilariously nebbish scene between jeff goldblum and judd hirsch ; the next you'll see a bunch of military uptight guys walking around , saying corny lines .
shadows and night scenes abound .
he clearly has little passion for what he's doing here , instead replacing his mojo with strained quirks ( one of the hit men is a huge soap fan , and the character of betty would be little more than a one joke gimmick if zelllweger hadn't managed to transcend that ) tailor made to appeal to the widest possible audience .
however , everyone he knows ( his workmates , his wife ) turn against him , saying how 'blabbed about mars' and 'blew his cover on the mission' a strange man , called richter , played by ironside , wants to kill him .
james wood portrays jack crow , a man obsessed with killing vampires , whose soul reason for living is based on revenge ( they killed his parents ) , but this is not a good excuse for being more obnoxious than the vampires .
the " beverly hills cop " movies all featured eddie as a reckless , wild cop , always crossing the line by just an inch .
sometimes they're not .
the father , dick ( holmes osborne ) , owns a cement company .
unlike its predecessors , " scream 3 " doesn't have the guts to even suggest that the central characters might be the killer .
but if you can't stand rocky shouting " adrianne ! ! ! "
can you say " dated " ?
don't let that stop you .
berry is luminous , as always , and adds to her repertoire of solid supporting roles . ?
if you've never seen " indiana jones , " the chase sequence is still fun .
oh please !
by the end , the audience is left with what good science fiction is supposed to do : evoke a sense of wonder about the universe and evoke questions in your mind about what's out there .
they needn't bother , because fight club is less a message movie than fincher's elaborate attempt at a joke .
all of this , of course , leads up to the predictable climax .
i was half-right .
after this scene ends ( not a moment too soon ) , glen or glenda ?
the writing behind this project is embarrassing .
the movie was very good , it not fantastic .
the combination of image and music is very impressive and also very effective .
that's really about all that can be said about the " plot " because nothing much happens , except that the main character , wise-cracking jerry ( andrew ross ) , has the hots for a cute blonde ( kerry brennan ) , and there is a big contest in the climax .
any film that could take the indie-films' most valuable talents , and throw it all away with a bruce willis vehicle , a hundred-million dollar budget , but have cheap-o sets and lousy special effects , is , bottom line , living proof that hell exists , and has made a multi-picture deal with universal .
oops , they're bad actors , too .
casting robert deniro as paul vitti is something of an in-joke , i think .
" the blair witch project " was perhaps one of a kind , a unique film that played completely on its own merit , managing to scare even the most experienced horror fans out of their senses .
weird how someone whose career was on par with the bee gees back in 1978 would experience fame and fortune once again , while barry , robin and maurice gibb could do no better than a 1993 straight-to-the-cutout-bin album aptly named " size isn't everything " ( and of course , they learned that sales are everything ) .
tombs , you have to believe it's these three things and more !
these aliens are not only heavily armed , they're stupid too .
.
as evidence , belone concocts provocative photographs of pignon locked in a leather-clad embrace with another man and mails them anonymously to pignon's boss .
twilight has a solid film noir-ish plot .
the fractured narrative also intercuts a preoccupied stephens on an airplane , traveling to meet his hiv-positive runaway daughter , as well as glimpses of the artificially happy lives these people led pre-accident .
however , although it tries hard and has some good ideas -- the nightmarishly enthusiastic audience in the film vaguely reminded me of the one i was sharing the theatre with , and i was certainly thinking about gutting the overly-noisy person a few seats away myself after about fifteen minutes -- the prologue is a pale imitation of the bravura opening sequence in the original with drew barrymore ( where her performance not only convinced me that she * could * act , but was so good that it would rank among the best performances in a horror film that i've ever seen ) .
still , there isn't enough of this for it to be a serious problem .
he crash lands on a planet where apes are the dominant species and humans are hunted , captured and sold into slavery .
so if you are going into this movie not expecting to see anything grand and are only going to kill some time and watch a mediocre sci-fi thriller then you won't be too disappointed .
in fact , what if he also knows all the tricks to turning the situation to his favor ?
first and foremost is the charming performance by sami bouajila as felix .
lou rawls is even in the mix ! "
starting to detect the patterns ?
it just doesn't have a strong supporting story .
in focusing on the hired help , christopher really missed the boat .
if bulging eyes are your idea of handsome , well i guess comic actor marty feldman was some kind of sex symbol to you .
we see in a shot where two bar patrons are arguing that the deputy looks around nervously at the growing monster and then carefully slips out of the bar .
as the story begins , we learn that jack's little brother has died in a car accident .
five years after his directorial debut based on stephen king's writings called the shawshank redemption ( 9/10 ) , writer/director frank darabont returns to the big screen with another prison film based on the famous scribblings of stephen king .
plot : a bunch of bad guys dressed up as elvis impersonators rob a vegas casino during a presley convention .
the whole while , evil captain coburn is overacting underwater , cursing grammer ( as most people watching the movie probably are too ) .
are not only justifiable , but encouraged .
it's up to wayne and j . d . to rescue their best friend in " saving silverman . "
that's all that really needs to be said , but nevertheless , i will provide the three of you that have seemingly been living in a cave with a plot description .
almost fell out of my seat when i saw the bit with the dog dodging the falling debris .
as it stands , superman is written off early on in the film when we hear a radio broadcast mention that he is billions of light years away on some sort of peace mission .
no one else seems to care that it takes certain liberties that should not be taken with a historical story .
as abby tells her , " you burp and they think it's cute .
jet li is a grand and personable screen presence .
i really beg of you , whether you're stuck in the ghetto or crying in the chapel , to slap this cinematic ring around your neck and love it tender .
it is often said by his fans that hal hartley movies are an acquired taste .
here's what murphy thinks : " i think the audience is expecting a good time .
philip kaufman created reputation in 1970s by using all the opportunities of that golden age in order to create original , memorable movies .
four writers , as a result it's too long ( two hours , when it could've easily worked at ninety minutes ! ) and it has a lot of subplots and characters that appear and disappear as quickly as they came ( which makes me think the writers didn't get along ) , all of which isn't necessary .
capsule : the weakest and least engaging of the alien movies , dragged down by an uninvolving story and no real tension .
watching these actors act this story out made it bearable , if barely .
the result is a clumsy muddle - i felt like the chicken from the opening scene , head ceaselessly banged with piousness too heavy-handed to be wholly believable .
if exploitation expert joe eszterhas was half the screenwriter that joseph l . mankiewicz was , he'd be . . . well ,
joan sims returns as the love interest ( instead of barbara windsor ) .
john williams' original score has the sound and feel of holiday music without the disadvantage of being overplayed at the malls , and the christmas setting can put you in the mood for those family gatherings .
dillon has never been so likeable , cusack has never seemed so perfect for a role , and brimley , reynolds , and newhart all provide huge laughs when they're up to bat .
although it has its flaws , alien 3 is highly entertaining with rich symbolism .
when we compare a certain actor or director or even composer's credibility in one film to another they were involved in , is that really fair ?
it pretends it is something that it is not - a surreal and deep psychological character study wrapped in a high-tech thriller .
killing zoe ===========
freeman notes that each of the young women who've disappeared are all strong willed , assertive , and more successful in their careers than the average girl .
but , to paraphrase the bard , swill , by any other name , would smell as rank .
the film is based on an irving welsh novel bearing the same title .
well , you'd be wrong .
super . )
this leads to a devestating mistake , which is something that will stay in his mind throughout his life .
williams stars as daniel hillard , a cartoon voiceover artist with a penchant for irresponsible behavior .
his latest film , " knock off , " skips on the fun part leaving a wildly incoherent exercise that is , well , simply mindless .
ok , maybe it's not " love thy neighbor as thyself " or even " two plus two makes four " , but a truth nonetheless .
the director directs the film in a workman like fashion , but gets the jokes across .
now nello and patrasche are really depressed , and close to freezing to death .
a weak plot , terrible dialogue , very little acting ability , but some jaw-dropping action sequences that nearly make the rest of it worthwhile .
no seriously , this is not the svelte , thinking man's hero of the hunt for red october , it is an out-of-shape guy who doesn't look too good in a roof-top chasing scene .
how does he tell his name to another ape ?
in all , fans of foreign film will see this as a memorable motion picture , and novice movie-watchers may take this opportunity to see their first " artsy " film .
i guess i'll stick to that other survival spectacle ? you know the one on cbs ?
one day his gay artist neighbor simon ( greg kinear , of talk soup fame , in an oscar-worthy role ) 's dog threatens to dismiss himself at melvon's door .
the action content is impressive , and it lives up to the hints given in previews .
and then , the plot ( along with the stupidity of the movie ) thickens .
sweet stuff .
and finally , lloyd bridges in a tour de force performance is mitch's rambunctious grandfather ; he provides some of cousins' best lines and laughs .
the castles and cathedrals of europe have rarely been doted on so lovingly as they are here .
the mirror unveils three choices in a presentation straight out of " the dating game " ( when snow white is shown , the cheeky announcer purrs , " even though she lives with seven men , she's not easy ! " )
mpaa : not rated ( though from language , violence , medical-gross-outs , and sexual content , i'd put it at pg )
blam , the kid's dead .
woody faces difficult choices , while buzz is confronted with a new buzz who hasn't yet realized his status as a toy , forcing him to see what he used to be like .
but maybe it was because i feel as giddy as a school kid right now with this whole romantic thing currently in my life .
the daughter's fantasy of being jackie-o is probably the most sane part of her being .
brothers duane ( seth green ) and blaine ( vince vieluf ) cody are young , crooked and stupid .
the major problem with " town and country " is that it's unstructured and random .
i liked the third jurassic park film .
i suppose i should have expected daisies and valentines after an early scene in which red threatens freddie as she tries to avoid the wedding , but i certainly didn't expect what i got .
the deeper welles digs into his investigation the more obsessed he becomes , like george c . scott in paul schrader's " hardcore . "
among them is a sophisticated bisexual ( cathrine zeta jones ) , a cynical dope ( owen wilson ) and a gentle and emotional lady ( lily taylor ) .
on the blue blood killer is his propensity to decapitate his victims .
" the gift " may be cliched on a sheer storytelling level , but the performances and tight direction from raimi ( who has redeemed himself for his embarrassing last film , 1999's " for love of the game " ) lift the picture up several notches .
another problem is that ordell is way too focused on in the beginning .
the plot tracks a trio of crooks-posed-as-photographers ( mantegna , pantoliano , haley ) who steal nine-month-old bennington august cottwell iv , aka baby bink , from his old-money home .
osment is phenomenal , a true professional who resists mugging for the camera like some child stars with too much experience in television commercials do .
ultimately rejected by her , his plans become more and more desperate and elaborate .
it is edgar's ( bruno putzulu ) self-appointed task to capture these moments after a recent breakup , to define a central idea : " it's only when things are over that they make sense . "
because his character is set up with the token wife and kids .
cole attracts the dead for reasons unknown , but they're not out to harm him , really-they just want to be heard , even if it means scaring the bejesus out of the innocent gradeschooler .
a guarantee you , if criminals thought that they would be subjected to this film they would never break the law again .
soon , elliot wishes that he had never made that deal .
impressive photography , but really only interesting to film historians .
the alien , after all these years , is still terrifying , and a new breed that is introduced is no less so .
the film , although excellent , does have some flaws .
leguizamo's turn as vinnie is annoying and whiny .
but i do ask that all films have one thing in common : they create experiences .
they barely call off the bombing in time .
the most enjoyable characters are the most cartoonish .
for the rest of the film , somehow he mutates into jackie chan , supercop .
by the way , is there any reason why the studio or the producer couldn't have cut another version of the film by the way of all the filmed stock that was left over ?
why would the career-minded , professional sarah feel attracted to the walking steroid with a black hat called tony ?
plain and simple .
here ( and to some extent in i know what you did last summer ) , mr . williamson's screenplay seems slightly hampered by trying to turn the identity of the killer into a mystery .
in a short amount of time , the movie introduces several characters well .
this reminded me of say anything , where the charming cusack was paired with the charmless ione skye , and in midnight in the garden of good and evil where the poor bastard had to put up with alison eastwood ( whose unbelievably more wooden then father , clint for those " special people " whose wheels turn a little slower ) .
( michael redman has written this column for 23 years and has seldom had a more disorienting cinematic experience than seeing both " fear and loathing " and " godzilla " in the same evening . )
she's a woman of the late twentieth century albeit situated in sixteenth century france .
walsh ) who offers to take them to a nearby diner to call for a tow truck .
things spiral out of control as judith repeatedly attempts to escape while wayne and j . d . play cupid .
the first one to open the locker , gets the bag and the money .
responsible for last year's quirky and visually enticing but problematic " the fifth element " , director paul anderson sees the film as " shane " in outer space .
the film is neither here nor there ; it's a neutral , meandering , gentle , portrait of life on both sides .
but the transition of her life into beverly hills had no feel of reality , as everything seemed staged and unemotional .
but then , when jerry buys the gas station and befriends lori , the true extent of his mania draws horrifyingly into focus .
so what are the problems with the movie ?
and for some reason , hollywood has never taken a look at the aliens here on earth .
next victim !
acting does not . "
state-of-the-art special effects have never been a carpenter trademark and once again the writer/director ( who seems to have no problem finding work , however ) doesn't waste any of the film's budget in that department .
then , in standard romantic comedy style , things fall apart .
watchers has all three devices , which may explain why it's arguably the most popular of koontz's books .
heavy spoiler . . .
the two actors , however , carry the movie well enough , but the supporting cast is what makes this movie shine .
there are terrific car chases , explosions and gunshot galore .
in media interviews in the past he has explained why the movies were made out of order , but i can't recall his reasons .
and in her first major studio role , claire forlani is surprisingly good .
why a child psychologist ?
the two narrowly find each other at the russian roulette games , but do not link up until michael discovers nick participating in the games and tries to bring him home .
it looked like a flop .
the movie opens with a funny , but messageable song , that all of the people of south park sing .
also , some of the cable guy's antics have been creeping him out .
tim roth plays 1900 with about as much panache as a fig leaf ; there's no spirit , no gusto to the character .
abby , though , knows her body doesn't match her personality and that she probably won't have a chance with him once he sees her .
he leaves behind girlfriend emily , only to discover orlock's secret--he's a bloodsucker--and struggle to return to england before the nosferatu reaches his lady love .
the two people you'd think would be more enthusiastic in talking about this film instead barely have much to say at all .
sometimes the sets are impressive .
from time-to-time , she blows away audiences with powerful , intense performances .
neither super nor standard , " 8mm " is shocking only in its banality .
most notably , details regarding the emperor from `empire' and `jedi , ' and that he was once a senator and his last name is palpatine .
just as their marriage seems to be hanging from it's final thread , brad discovers that his accountant , bob lachman ( knight ) , has been engaging in illegitimate deals in the sexton's names .
ordell won't think twice about taking her out if she fails to help him as she's always done , yet at the same time , a compromise with the authorities would be in order if evidence against ordell was provided .
even though it has a $90 million dollar budget i'm sure it will make over that or just below it respectively .
the quality of this film is abysmal and insulting .
in doing so he makes himself the most interesting thing on the screen .
but even then , because the outcome is so predictably obvious , the suspense factor is negated and we are relegated to just watching two men pummel each other .
the story's weakness shines through in the climax and conclusion of the fifth element .
what little plot there is involves dick steele , aka .
will flees , but lambeau tracks him down .
soon it becomes clear that colqhoun's tale has ramifications beyond cannibalism and the will to survive .
the viewer knows the husband's intention is not to be mean ; he is desperate for the normalcy of which he and his family has obviously been deprived , and the wife making dinner is an essential part of this .
but things are different this summer .
in terms of the incident and what provoked it , " bully " stirs up nothing new .
mary stuart masterson does well in her role as penny ( i'm trying to be unbiased so i won't tell you how amazing she looked ) , although brian benben gets most of the screen time .
a disappointingly cheesy ending really mars this movie too .
true to form , will finds sean's emotional weakness and attacks .
it's a trait associated with what my brother calls " too good for this world " movies , like phenomenon or powder .
three or four teens run automatically from a man in a rain slicker they nonchalantly refer to as " the killer . "
as is the diverse ensemble cast that includes peter firth , alan rickman , and prunella scales .
director lasse hallstrom ( what's eating gilbert grape ? ) and screenwriter/novelist john irving ( the world according to garp ) , who adapted his own work for this movie deserve much of the credit for the balanced approach to the sensitive subject matter .
the actor gives a convincing , charismatic performance as the multifaceted , politically deft patrice lumumba who has the good of his people and his country as the force driving his own ambitions .
it has to be about transporting us to a different place , to dazzle us with magic and cleverness .
you can almost hear the swishing .
annie is something of a psychic , she has involuntary bouts with the supernatural where she can see the past and the future and physically feel the actions happenning to her she envisions .
for instance , if john smith was truly such a world traveler and had so much experience with " savages , " why did he so quickly change his previous " kill as many indians as i can " attitude .
another formula 'feel good' quirky comedy from the british isles , much like " waking ned devine , " and a host of other popular low budget movies that turned a nifty profit off a thin story line .
with lips , breasts , and biceps all inflated to the max , lara croft is all about posturing , and jolie has a hard time simply standing still without trying to look tough .
it rips off a lot of good movies that are worth seeing .
and what's a buzz without tunes .
one of the most entertaining , but very short scenes , is when foster is confronted by rob lowe , during a cabinet-level presidential meeting to discuss the alien invitation .
as the revenge-driven royal heir , branagh provides a riveting performance of emotional highs and lows .
what it lacks is everything that made boogie nights great : depth , intelligence , energy , fascinating characters , and challenging themes .
thomas edison's " the great train robbery " ( 1903 ) was the first western ever made and " jesse james under the black flag " ( 1923 ) first introduced the outlaw folk hero .
amanda peet is caustic as the manipulative judith .
the movie is paced well , but with a couple slow spots in the middle and towards the end .
relationships fizzle , future dreams crumble , and attitudes change .
rip torn , what were you thinking ?
because of that , you now know exactly what's going to happen to the groom !
never have we had a more sympathetic hero in an action film , and never have i seen such an impressive acting job done by the main character .
even when they are just taking a leisurely boat ride , they somehow manage to collide with a freighter ship .
with a solid cast , and a good plot , there's a lot to recommend about twilight .
anyway , this digital effect is only used in one scene that i am aware of ( for about twenty seconds ) and if you aren't looking for it you won't even be able to tell .
once again we have a tale focused around a strong central character ( female as usual ; disney is one of the few studios whose heroines--ariel , belle , pocahontas , and now mulan--get equal screen time with their heroes in recent years ) .
but when a movie is so self-aware it becomes about nothing but itself , we can hardly be expected to pay for admission .
now teaming with co-director peter lord , park has created a similar creature in " chicken run . "
her late grandmother ( rosemary harris ) told her as a child that it was a gift she was given , and she should always remember that .
with its graceful cinematography , production design and flashy editing , the film has a very polished look , which is impossible to associate with the first installment .
she talks to a woman who mentions that rittenhouse was having an affair with a girl named ellie .
at times , you'd think edtv would be an entertaining film .
although he rejects the ghost story the town elders tell him , ichabod finds that the facts of the case confound his scientific reasoning .
they were really original . "
although the regular cast is depleted , the ones that remain show that they can still make a good carry on film .
little known facts about this film and its stars : ironically , the original director of this film , arthur hiller , also requested his name be taken off the credits and replaced by the dga's alan smithee moniker .
the actor has become so popular , and so often identified as a protagonist ( notable exceptions can be found , such as in jackie brown ) , that we as an audience have a difficult time believing he will carry out his threats .
i mean . . . how
as a member of the danish filmmakers clan , dogme 95 , a group that has vowed to oppose " the auteur concept , make-up , illusions , and dramaturgical predictability " so that they may " purge film so that once again the inner lives of the characters justify the plot . "
this is more about a parable of greed , and how money can become the bane of your life .
the one ( half ? )
as the plot thickens , scenes get progressively more ridiculous  ranging from richard gere running over rooftops in search of the us embassy to a scooby doo ending where the least expected but-you-knew-along criminal is discovered .
i yelled back at the screen , " so did these jokes . "
first impressions : critically , a close-to-awful film , but money-wise , it has been doing ( and will continue to do ) great .
although levy stands out , guest , willard , o'hara , and posey are all wonderful and definitely should be commended for their performances !
the men are eventually able to escape , but are separated .
hank's reaction is one of amusement .
and when a psychotically horny patrick accosts a supermarket shopper and drags her kicking and screaming behind the building in a woefully-paced suspense sequence , eve , who's telepathically linked to her alien/human-hybrid counterpart ( whatever ) , helpfully tells our alien-hunting protagonists , " he's going to rape her . "
we witness the murder of the serial killer himself by a man who , we later discover , is none other than the author peter neal .
the movie starts out as what mostly seems like a bad documentary , with endless , repetitive narration about transvestites , how difficult it is for a transvestite to look at his girlfriend's clothes without being able to wear them , how transvestites are not necessarily homosexuals , and how the main character , glen/glenda is ( as it reminds us probably half a dozen times ) " not half man and half woman , but man and woman at the same time . "
johnny depp , a veteran tim burton actor who has appeared both in ed wood and edward scissorhands , plays ichabod crane , who has apparently changed occupations from irving's original story and is now an investigator .
in 2029 leo davidson ( mark wahlberg , not this world's most expressive actor ) works on a space station increasing the intelligence and usefulness of apes .
after coming out of the theater showing reindeer games , disbelief was my first reaction ? then frustration .
i know it's the same role from the fugitive , but there is seemingly no attempt to develop his character from the last film .
this becomes very awkward , because all of the players are fighters and nothing more .
they're untalented , overexposed , and overpaid , imho , and i would think wes craven is smart enough to know those actors are overexposed enough , but i suppose he isn't .
overall rating= (
one of a kind .
much of the film is completely absurd , but that's the fun part about it . ?
the actors that play them don't help either .
twists occur , and soon the film has taken on a nearly-farsical nature , but still seems realistic because the people involved really feel like they could reach such ends .
the events in " fail-safe " are fascinating because they're anything but predictable , but the real reason " fail-safe " works is because it understands more about nuclear war than what exists within the confines of its plot .
the film is like a two-hour episode , except that there are a lot more special effects , the plot is thicker , and the resolution is more satisfying .
paranoia ?
so when meir's father chooses a younger woman for his son , she is exiled to live alone in a cold apartment in the same jewish quarters .
if you're not familiar with this law , then maybe you've seen the trailer for this film which shows that the two leads are together by film's end .
i do wonder how the movie translates when viewed within its native french culture .
and in no looking back , he stumbles , making a slow , boring film without the spark that enlivened his previous work .
overall , the film doesn't stick because it doesn't entertain , it's confusing , it rarely excites and it feels pretty redundant for most of its runtime , despite a pretty cool ending and explanation to all of the craziness that came before it .
through coal-mining .
most of the rest of the cast is two-dimensional .
but the absolute joy in this film is how this simple premise allows for humor in zippers , hair gel , the mentally disabled , the physically handicapped , interracial marriages , homosexuals , skin conditions , serial killers , tanning , and drugged-up dogs .
eventually it comes time for jimmie to propose , and when he does , it's the most absurd proposal ever uttered by a man ever .
synopsis : valerie , a high school junior who doesn't look a day under 22 , writes bad poetry , complains about how much she hates school , fantasizes about a young guy on trial for raping and murdering six women , chooses him as a pen pal , and plays hooky to see him in court .
all in all , " scream 3 " does not fall victim to the most lamented principle of a trilogy : it is not the worst of the films .
those who object to it are missing its point .
i can't recall another film ever to sustain this level of intensity throughout , never dropping for a moment .
tighter direction could have given the climax more urgency and a few of the characters act rather illogically given their life-threatening situation .
i'm ready to buy the soulful soundtrack with vocalists like emmylou harris , iris dement , taj mahal and young opera star emmy rossum who plays a pivotal role as mcteer's wide-eyed prot ? g ? .
export it to france and you may have a hit .
can't the camera men sit still ?
watch the restaurant fight from the film " rush hour " and notice that the context of the fight , while technically amazing is rather flat ( the framing and cut always do not help ) .
it almost threatens to drop dead .
now we know that she can handle a chain saw .
the choice of duchovny may have something to do with the plot , which could be fodder for a valentine's day episode of " the x-files . "
she carefully tends her rose garden , decorates her home with the best furnishings .
a war movie ?
in general , however , they're directed with a degree of competence that assures a level of sustained tension .
a film emerges which manages to be powerful and moving without slipping into the gauzy haze of nostalgia or sliding down the sugarry slope of sappiness .
he has already proven to be a strong director , but he lucked out with this latest film .
but now travolta's back on the hollywood scene once again , and i think we all know why .
no , i did not read the novel by thomas hardy , " jude the obscure , " his final novel ( final because this film created such an outrage that he never wrote again - see : i did do some research on it ) about a man who is plagued with bad luck throughout his entire life .
as well crafted as the scene is , we=92ve seen it before .
the plot goes on for half an hour longer than it should .
" virus " is the type of cliched , vacuous film that has been recylcled so many times before that you wonder why anyone would even bother putting work into making it .
not since oliver stone's natural born killers has there been a movie this incendiary , and not since david cronenberg has a so-called mainstream director been this willing to repeatedly tiptoe the fine line between pointed social commentary and outright social irresponsibility .
also used as reference , was iceberg slim's best-seller pimp , the story of my life .
strength beats knowledge .
? they get to tool around london in a big ol' bus ( driven by meat loaf ! ) and generally have fun .
ringwald's folks are homey and down-to-earth , with alda as her free-spirited father , madeline kahn as her practical mother , and ally sheedy as her lonely sister .
tracy flick is from a single parent home , which has contributed to her drive .
in fact the only thing he adds to the role is his immense stature .
the most satisfying part of the film comes in understanding , to a degree , the expectations of numerous ceos commanding these titanic-type businesses .
and tiffany harping about mid life crisis , and how she should have gotten married does not make for a very scary tiffany .
but then suddenly affleck starts growling and swearing alongside them like the class clown imitating a tarantino gangster .
monumentally underused jolie portrays an empty headed sexpot whose idea of sex revolves around cars and memphis .
casablanca is , in my mind , no classic ( like solaris ) , but it is a good film and stylishly shot .
" it's your turn to be afraid , " he declares .
not to mention a series of special effects that would make james cameron literally turn green with envy .
and , and , we must have beautiful scenic worldwide shots , like paris , blown up .
if he did , i'd give this a good 3 stars .
comedy ?
what makes reindeer games even more disappointing than just a predictable , lifeless action flick is the cast and crew who signed onto the project .
there were way too many characters added during the last fifteen minutes and some of the scenes during this time period were inane ( police officer sam being a suspect was not needed ) .
while it sheds only a little light on the behind-the-scenes world of the fashion industry , it presents a fascinating , if incomplete , picture of designer mizrahi .
so there she is , narrating the six-astronaut mission to blow the comet up .
the structure goes like this : poorly-staged action sequence , boring exposition , poorly-staged action sequence , boring exposition , etc . etc . , the end .
the story is a relatively forgettable one , but it is fun none the less .
then along came in & out , and all three of these films are on my top ten list for the years in which they were released .
the phrase , " play it to the bone' is a reference to seeing something all the way through or not quitting until you've achieved your desired goal .
that's the real joy of dance shall we dance ?
i also enjoyed michael kamen's music score , particularly in the opening credits .
varsity blues was produced by mtv , and it really shows .
the script , by jeff nathanson ( utilizing the characters developed by ross lamanna in the first film ) , wastes no time getting to the point right from the start .
sadie thompson ( u . s . a . , 1928 ) director : raoul walsh screenwriter : raoul walsh , from the john colton play " rain " , based on w . somerset maugham's story " miss thompson " cast : gloria swanson , raoul walsh , lionel barrymore silent
characters played by actors we might not know , but who look strikingly familiar nevertheless .
the list of movies from which charlie's angels is directly lifted is equally astonishing .
he also contacts emma , which further helps the film reveal what is seemingly a complex , mysterious back story .
he tries to infuse some life into it , but it gets bogged down with sentimentality and a lack of sophistication .
acting , you say .
the package becomes the central motivator for the entire cast , especially once the requisite double-crossing begins , and its role is skillfully penned by zeik .
" alan smithee " is a pseudonym which a number of directors have used when they produce something really bad .
the story brings us to the year 2050 , where space travel have since enormously progressed .
time will tell , but i'm sure that mr . mouse has nothing to fear .
the academy award winning film had been highly acclaimed .
ginger is perfect , spunky and opinionated , but with a soft heart that forbids her to leave her companions behind , and julia sawalha ( known as the cute mousy girl on " absolutely fabulous " ) nails it .
the actors are pretty good for the most part , although wes bentley just seemed to be playing the exact same character that he did in american beauty , only in a new neighborhood .
enter a group of chinese gangsters led by kai sing ( russell wong ) .
director/writer antonia bird shows us that the most terrifying horror is not provided by giant beasts , but instead by monsters lurking in ourselves . .
but as a principle of life , the phrase " play it to the bone " are words to live by .
it was far more pulp than pulitzer .
probably not a film for everyone , but definitely for those who enjoy the guns , the charismatic bad guys and a fun , if entirely disposable , adventure .
well i'll be damned , what a most excellent surprise .
another is the colorful cast .
the score during these scenes ingeniously adds to the excitement .
i relish those rare opportunities when a talented screenwriter can make me feel like a fool .
in a near future . . . on
it's icky .
scenes like the one with roper and his new partner are at the horse track roper is a gambler who knows all the tricks and roper teaches his partner a few little methods of betting and winning .
no , the problem with the film is its direction .
but trouble is brewing in their small town of liberty when evil railroad baron thaddeus rains ( harris yulin ) and his cronies rollin parker ( terry o'quinn ) and allan pinkerton ( timothy dalton ) demand the boys turn over their lands to the railroads .
but we can only hope .
i mean , what could possibly go wrong ?
now if they only had raymond burr . . . .
he has a hard time taking control of his emotions , which usually gets the better of him .
this one deals with soldiers of fortune , ancient tradition that was resurrected in great turmoil of 1960s and 1970s and filled the void left by vanishing colonial empires .
the film manages to cross all barriers ; it should be accessible to both children and adults , brits and yanks , rats and chickens .
at times , i was hoping to see it .
early scenes actually _require_ him to make funny with co-star rob schneider ( improbably cast as a deep cover cia agent posing as marcus's business partner ) , and the sight and sound of the still-heavily-accented van damme haplessly trying to drop punchlines is hilarious in the wrong way .
as in morrison's novel , demme quickly establishes that the horror of the story will not come from the fact of the ghost itself , but from the terrifying past in which the ghost was created .
i found the film oftentimes ludicrous and boring .
what is the point of this ?
in the process , he also gets tangled-up with mona demarkov , a russian mobsterette who wants to take over the territory from top boss falcone , played adequately by roy scheider .
marshall has a chance to escape in a jettisoned capsule ( which clinton says doesn't exist in real life ) but refuses , preferring to stay and fight .
jennifer lopez does an excellent job as well .
what may prevent it from enduring with altman's greatest work is a weak third act - in fact , there really is no third act in grisham's story , so it appears that altman had to throw in the hurricane just to jazz things up .
perhaps economic content is a better word--it certainly doesn't show capitalism in a good light .
also poor danny devito apparently does not know how to turn down a role these days .
if you're the kind of person who goes to see movies just because you long for some of that overpriced theatre popcorn ( butter optional ) , then this is the movie for you !
his father , wong kei-ying , is unhappy about this , and is further annoyed when the father and brother of the bully show up to sue for damages .
heaven's prisoners is about ex-alchoholic ex-cop dave robicheaux ( alec baldwin ) who's trying to discover life anew running a bait shop and boat hire business with his loving , down-to-earth wife annie ( kelly lynch ) .
director mikael salomon has made sure that hard rain ends up turning everything topsy-turvy , and whilst the film may at first appear to be a definite goodies versus baddies ,  there are numerous twists in its plot that make this a slightly more enjoyable experience .
ooh , i really gave a lot away there , i'm sure .
it is one of the most frightening and successful horror films since " the shining " .
he just didn't belong in this movie .
professors anna vrooshka ( elke sommer ) and roland crump ( kenneth williams ) and a group of archaeology students stay in the caravan site owned by major leep ( kenneth connor ) so that they can explore the nearby roman settlement remains .
also , concerning the ending , it is slightly too ambiguous , which was disappointing .
homer gets his strongest encouragement from miss riley ( laura dern ) , a teacher in his school who also informs him about the scholarships offered to the winners of a national science fair .
when the girls are questioned , their confession of guilt is accompanied with an announcement of their return to god and they are thereafter converted to immaculate witnesses , led lustfully by abigail .
big daddy
the most annoying moment comes when he barges into the middle of a sunday church ceremony , gets behind the pulpit , and beseeches the townsfolk to take control of their lives and to help clean up the environment .
by cobbling together out of these motley musings a thesis on the nature of craftsmanship , invention , and existence itself , morris reveals the presence of cosmic themes -- creation , evolution , death -- in earthbound lives .
its patently obvious that casper van dien ( one of the pretty-boy heroes of starship troopers ) was not hired on the basis of his acting ability .
also added to the pointless proceedings is some would-be humorous shenanigans involving quinn's dimwitted deputy ernie attempting to engage in clandestine patrol car sex with his girlfriend donna ( karen sillas ) .
while really well done , it had the feel of slapstick comedy .
he thinks he's a doctor so he walks around wearing a suit and carrying a clipboard on which he constantly scribbles notes and files reports .
after all , we've known some of these people for two movies -- it's almost impossible not to care about them at least a little .
the test of a van damme movie boils down to the action sequences , but surprisingly , those in _knock_off_ leave much to be desired .
two scenes were played with such overwhelming melodrama that i found myself laughing .
he was pensive , resourceful and had relationships , which made our perspective on him equally human .
" the adventures of felix " does not reinvent the road movie , but it does provide a charismatic telling of a young man's journey to find himself and , to his surprise , his discovery is dramatically different than he expected at the beginning .
it is clear that miller meant well but i do wish he did it with more delicacy and fewer diversions .
with that piece of dialogue , we are fully introduced to lester burnham ( kevin spacey ) , a 42 year old man trapped within his own life .
mcnaughton appears to have completely lost his way here , in what is obviously a stab at mainstream success ( his previous wide-release picture , mad dog and glory , was a box-office disappointment ) .
similarly , samuel e . wright is terrific in the showy role of sebastian , the weary guardian crab .
bond is " helped " in his task by mary goodnight ( ekland ) , whose character couldn't possibly be any closer to the stereotypical bimbo .
unlike his the spanish prisoner , there are no lapses in credibility .
they instead tackle hot issues from our past , and view them differently , and pack them together with redundant , catchy music , as well as thoughtful lyrics .
the first movie was extraordinarily entertaining for those ( like myself ) who are fans of the game .
the plot gives us no-one to root for , or even care for .
because of this face-hugger which has been hatched aboard the vessel from aliens , the hypersleep containers are sent into an escape pod , and sent down to the nearest planet : fiorina fury-161 , an ore refinery which has been turned into a maximum security prison .
is it the screenwriter , don macpherson ?
comments : since i usually review horror and science fiction films , i feel a little out of my league discussing this teen football movie .
well , with praise like that , i figured , it must be good and so i headed off to the theater .
before she dies , though , she cannot bear to sign a document which would condemn her half sister to death because of her heretical protestant beliefs .
after a three-year engagement to fellow teacher emily montgomery ( joan cusack ) , a wedding date has been set , and the hubbub surrounding it is almost as big as that surrounding another huge story - greenleaf high graduate cameron drake ( matt dillon ) is up for a best actor oscar .
one of the directors of the program has been murdered , and the main suspect is one vincent freeman .
subplots are as follows : sam has a son and a wife ( kathleen quinlan ) , and he's never around for them , so they move to chicago .
the first act opens with police chief martin brody ( roy scheider ) , a new york cop who has taken an easy , peaceful job running the police station on amity island , a fictitious new england resort town where there hasn't been a murder or a gun fired in 25 years .
instead we're stuck with * nsync , the backstreet boys , and jennifer lopez , all of whom should have stuck with modeling .
there are many surprises during the last half hour which lead to an ending so emotionally involving it should make the most heartless of cynics get choked up .
his path from self-vanity to self-consciousness is never fully explored .
life has become a routine of sunning himself and relaxing .
okay , not the real things , but an archival film his minions dug up .
for now , " scream " holds the title as the finest series of horror films to be committed to celluloid .
andre also had a hefty accent , but he displayed a knack for comedy in the princess bride . . . something
at first viewing , the entire movie might seem empty , but then why shouldn't it parallel itself ?
this makes him much more complex than the usual child molesters seen in movies -- he's a beast , but ashamed of it . )
you turn on the lights and it's not so scary anymore .
" gattaca " represents a solid breakthrough in the recent onslaught of science-fiction films -- it's a genre picture that doesn't rely on alien creatures or loud explosions to tell its story .
to extend the question : if a movie is striving for realism , do dramatic contrivances destroy the illusion ?
this doesn't sound like a brilliant premise for a film - " we just follow a lot of people around who are vaguely related " - but it's the execution of the idea that makes topless women talk about their lives so engrossing .
instead of seeing people get bonked on the head , we get well-timed , clever gags that seem to have required some imagination to come up with .
extras on the disc include : a full length audio commentary track with director jeannot szwarc and " special project consultant " scott michael bosco , the excellent 50-minute documentary from 1984 called supergirl-the making of a feature ( dig that workout montage ! ) , 5 trailers , 3 tv spots , talent bios , in-depth storyboards ( accompanied by score from the movie ) , and assorted still galleries .
eventually , hopefully , sometimes , there's a breakthrough and we actually get down to work .
susan granger's review of " the closet " ( miramax films )
the plot is a convoluted accumulation of nonsense probably borrowed from a dozen bad movies .
in both scenes where he has to act angry , his acting is so 'off' , the scenes tension and anger is lost .
why did tim robbins' character have to go outside the ship when the solution easily presented itself from inside ?
there were also some parts which appeared unrealistic , like whether the stampede would start in the way it did or why they didn't worry more about water while tromping around the desert .
the biggest problem seems to over-familiarization with the story .
in a good entry to the genre , the audience becomes caught up in the love story , no matter how familiar it is .
not just martial arts , it's the kind of martial arts that makes you stop and go , " whoa . . . "
in other words , patrick is like a lot of guys ; these activities could describe the everyday routines of a huge percentage of men his age , but there's a catch -- he's an astronaut who recently returned from a seemingly successful mission to mars , and who's now infected with alien dna .
a sex scene between two of the teens achieves a smarmy charm , enhanced a few minutes later when the female receives a fatal jab from a bug , but tells her hero that she doesn't mind dying .
with more than three hours of length and epic scope it looked more suitable for 1950s and 1960s - age when hollywood used to make films larger than life .
it seemed nothing more than an occasional pretty cut to a field of flowing grass , a small bird , or a flowing body of water .
i really wanted to know , and my need to know was hanging over the film at all times .
kadosh means sacred in hebrew .
the finesses of the script ( attributed to four screenwriters no less , and far removed from anything dodie smith ever dreamed up ) are quickly dispensed with , since all it takes for a paroled cruella to be shaken from her years of successful aversion therapy in the slammer is the tolling of big ben ( ? ) .
some may find this scene blindingly confusing , as the reality shifts start coming fast and furious , but it does make sense if you think about it ( and give the script a lot of leeway ) , and let's face it : it's a darn cool way to end the film .
decked out in flashy , trashy clothing and sporting big hair , vera baker ( whoopi goldberg ) is in town to reunite with the daughter she gave up for adoption as a baby .
the dvd release of the original international version of luc besson's 1995 masterpiece the professional , which is known as l ? on around the world , is a prime example of how a good film can become an instant classic as a director's cut .
and so it is .
think her maternal instincts will show up before the movie finally and predictably ends ?
i couldn't wait to know myself , though i didn't exactly want it to end , for this inspired movie is possibly the best-and most complex-summer picture in years .
complicating matters is that they live near where he had a recent job and their young daughter may have seen him at the crime .
instead of facing hoodlums with automatic weapons the police face , well , ghosts of mars .
to support the directing are the excellent cast , working very well with their underwritten characters .
he lives next door to a ferociously independent 12-year-old girl named mathilda - played by then newcomer natalie portman , whose father is involved in drugs and crooked cops .
although the receptionist is impressed , syd is mainly a gofer for her boss until she meets famous photographer lucy berliner ( ally sheedy ) .
the plot follows edgecomb and four other guards as they meet a variety of prisoners and after having strong relationships with each eventually are forced to execute them .
veteran pr agent lee ( billy crystal ) is called upon to clean up the mess , throwing a press junket in the nevada desert to woo them with the story of a possible reconciliation between the gwen and eddie , presumably distracting the stupid , stupid film critics into forgetting they haven't seen the movie at all .
he contacts agent foley and gives him a few inconsequential tips and then decides to do something that goes against his grain .
there are other episodes as well : the love of anna's life , marianna's soul mate , and a look at the reasons why constance entered into an affair with her friend's husband .
forgive me for spoiling the ending , but will doesn't die .
in three days time , or something .
magruder is so sure of his place in the world that he never considers that he has bitten off more than he can chew until he has to swallow it - and by then it's too late .
not part of the daily dose if obtained , sex is a bonus .
damon narrates throughout the film , but the entire opening scene is voiced-over so perfectly to completely and totally define the setting .
you don't have to be some kind of genius to appreciate shakespeare , but it is quite difficult to understand unless you have the time to read or hear it carefully and repeatedly .
even if his novel was butchered in the adaptation process , crichton's credit as a producer disallows him absolution .
the script for this film is completely pathetic .
this whole " inner space " notion is never explained , particularly in terms of how these people get information from the outside world .
caine does use his power voyeuristically in hollow man .
make sure listen closely throughout the film , as jerry is constantly throwing out interesting tidbits such as the above .
see it twice .
apparently , brolin's successor's test involves chopping wood for the fireplace and skiing , which don't seem like attributes necessary to run a business in the city .
even with its 100m budget " end of days " is less than pleasing .
phoenix reacts to the sexy suzanne with a sort of obsessed amazement and he makes us believe that a loser character like jimmy really would be willing to kill for someone like suzanne , someone who actually noticed him .
" the iron giant " holds absolutely no contempt for the young people in the audience , making it a film that's enjoyable for both children and adults alike .
it's about jealousy , love , envy , fury , passion , revenge and pretty much any other negative thought that's ever passed through your head .
his biggest miscue was to cast his wife , milla jovovich ( the fifth element ) in the title role .
the actor is perfectly cast here , and remains a joyous movie presence somewhere between a typical tom hanksian comic leading man and edgy character actor .
for some reason , it's never crossed anyone's mind that the real equation is quality films = more profit .
the bottom line , however , is this : virus is a bad movie .
using peter weir's formula isn't the greatest flaw of this film .
alan parker , no stranger to bizarre musicals ( he's done " fame , " " the committments , " " bugsy malone , " and " pink floyd the wall " - the latter which is absolutely brilliant ) , nails the film , exposing everything for what it is .
synopsis : blond criminal psychologist sarah chooses to copulate with greasy tony the mysterious puerto rican rather than bearded cliff the wisecracking neighbor upstairs .
maybe she can get through to him , and maybe she can learn something about the money that he has stashed away .
she meets his crass publisher , vanni corso ( walken ) , another self-absorbed man , and a predictable relationship occurs .
the action sequences in dead-bang are strictly third-rate , and the movie has absolutely no momentum or suspense .
it's been three decades since argento and morricone worked together .
he's an artist without making it obvious , and without being pretentious , which is always admirable .
for his son , ( and this is the most controversial part of the film ) he convinces the youngster that this is all one big elaborate game : it+s rules include hiding , being very quiet , and learning to not ask for seconds .
additionally , the film belongs , and its success can be attributed , to two people and two people only , and they are richard gere and julia roberts .
right .
hansel and gretel relish cooking the witch in her own oven .
great wit , great art , and a great villain ( james woods as hades , lord of the underworld and local lounge act ) can't quite stifle the yawns induced by a bland hero , his colorfully monotonous sidekick ( danny devito as the satyrical trainer phil ) , and a largely unremarkable soundtrack .
i saw it at a matinee and took quite a while to adjust to the sunny skies afterward .
their scam works at first , until they come to a town without any money .
astronaut c : " hey , are you guys looking at mars ? "
finally , nick shaffer ( breckin meyer ) is a no-nonsense lawyer-in-training who recruits helicopter pilot tracy faucet ( amy smart ) for the journey .
but we didn't need " double team " to tell us he could do that , did we ?
however , this simple blockade is not all it seems , and the jedi knights soon have to deal with many more dangers , including facing the evil darth maul ( ray park . )
at square one , we have a bizarre case of casting .
( you go , warren ! )
providing solid support is cuba gooding , jnr ( jerry maguire , 1996 ) and yeardly smith ( who is the voice of lisa simpsons in the simpsons ) although gooding isn't as good as is character in maguire , he is still fun .
nora ephron's contemporary update of the shop around the corner retains the basic plot : two people who despise each other unwittingly become enamored with each other through their anonymous correspondence .
despite this , ripley was the central figure , and that's what is important .
played wonderfully by jason isaacs , tavington is the type who loves to glare down from his horse at civilians , who nervously avoid eye contact .
the thirteenth floor of a classified building , a genius scientist , hannon fuller , has created a simulated world , his personal dreamworld , where every inhabitant is a complex , selflearning program that only believes it is real .
he's given a job at the radio station to his best friend , played by daniel stern , out of sympathy while stern's character works through his divorce .
not one character in this film rings falsely .
for the often-criticized reeves , whose acting abilities have never been the best , this is the biggest compliment he could possibly get , and it is also one of the better performances he has given .
the somewhat ruritanian dreamworld becomes a kind of ur-reality .
they struggle for an impacting conclusion and wind up with painful thud rather than an exhilarating high .
they're fighting over their adoptive mother's estate , a 40 , 000-acre ranch worth millions and supporting dozens of migrant farm workers .
there is no big plot twist or climatic point to make the film more memorable .
alien 3 begins exactly where aliens left off .
" permanent midnight " shows how stahl moved from new york to l . a . to--again in the author's words-- " escape the drug scene " ( yeah , right ) ; why he entered into a convenient marriage with a british tv exec ( elizabeth hurley , so impossibly polite you'd swear her single profanity was dubbed ) ; and that he conceived a child in between his random hirings and firings .
the army under joan's command are comprised of comical figures , more stooges than soldiers .
there is a lot of fighting and not a whole lot of story otherwise .
( the short films are presented in order , btw ) :
what more do you ask from a summer movie other than the chance to be excited ?
there isn't much of an edge throughout that thing--the only thing that is remotely edgy is hanks's turn as the wonders' manager--and thus becomes in danger of being so nice it's bland .
the room turns upside down , a shot rings out , a cop is down .
favreau does a commendable job in his directorial debut .
and of course the common practice of one character being the comic relief of the film becomes painfully obvious here as anthony anderson as allayah's bodyguard , maurice has no comic timing whatsoever .
critique : very cool !
he knows he would be the best in his field , and therefore spend all of his time in an office , explaining math to people like lambeau .
the cheese factor is only increased when he's involved in an implied sex scene with the blond biologist / geneticist / zoologist / whatever-the-f * * k-she's-supposed-to-be whom he befriends .
to amuse : jim's lusty encounter with a hot apple pie . )
bullcrap .
among the people she hires are sam ( robert de niro ) , vincent ( jean reno ) , and gregor ( stellan skarsg ? rd from good will hunting ) .
when monkey bone and stu steal a pass , monkey bone becomes a trader and takes it and goes into stu's body .
a script this smart and mature deserved a more restrained director , but even hughes' excesses can't spoil this unique concoction .
even if we don't pay attention to skills with which potentially disturbing material becomes eye pleasing and entertaining , we should admit that scorsese displays his talents of truly original and creative filmmaker .
either way , i don't give a rat's ass because this movie is a dog and that's unfortunate because it actually did have some good points going for it .
it swept the italian academy awards .
the series has been declining since its stunning debut , followed by the almost-as-stunning sequel and then the anti-climactic third one ( first by joel ) .
he overacts in every way : his overexaggerant body language , obsession with kissing women every second he gets the chance , and that cliched scene where he loses someone in his life , and drops to his knee and cries .
his campaign is entering the final weekend before the primaries but his depression has sunk in too far for him to care .
like a blast of nitrous oxide , he attacks each scene with a straightforward zeal .
she seems little more than a cardboard cutout character .
now for the dvd release you get two choices .
the next morning , she feigns illness , sending a very horny dean off to the office , where he ends up in the arms of his new secretary .
but perhaps i'm reading more into the movie than is really there .
every nuance of " american beauty " begs it's audience to think and examine .
in gridlock'd , shakur gets the chance to play someone who has seen enough of the way his life could go to know that it scares him .
as if that weren't enough , ellie's discovery leads her to the nation's capital where she again runs into palmer .
do you think he dated a few of the female apes before meeting jane ?
( oh , how witty . )
stallone actually gave an amazing performance and it seemed he had shaken off the past .
nearly every scene between chris rock and morgan freeman fatally slows the picture down , as the two are made to enact soft-boiled tarantino-esque dialogue .
the encounter between the two families allows the audience to compare the eastern and western cultures as well as the ambitions of individual characters .
practically every line of dialogue in harlem nights contains at least one four letter word .
there are plenty of elements here that , if extended and fleshed out more , would have made for a decent story .
wes bentley as ricky finn is fine as the enigma .
ok , let's forget challenging .
he goes to collect some of the mafia's money from a b-grade director ( gene hackman ) and suddenly finds out he wants out of the mob game and into the movie game .
but this is a paul verhoeven film , and the sleazepin director of such open-crotch classics as " basic instinct " and the infamous " showgirls " never lets a little credibility get in the way of his voyeuristic tendencies which , when you come right down to it , is all this film is about .
a documentary from the twin hughes brothers , allen and albert ( dead presidents , menace ii society ) , about street pimps , all of whom are african-american .
leisurely pacing might have helped a film with a little more substance to it , but all of the substance of " mission to mars " has been stolen from other films , and those other films dealt with their ideas in a much more thoughtful fashion and generally contained more engaging characters .
nobody in the country enjoyed the movie as much as my audience did ( and i don't necessarily mean that in a good way ) .
the voice cast turns in uniformly lively performances , and the characters they play are given so many subtle nuances that it's hard not to fall in love with every one of them .
when , towards what seemed like the end of wild wild west , gordon proposes the idea of building an airplane and west rejects it , there was a collective groan among audience members : it meant we were going to have to sit through another loud action sequence before gordon builds the glider , the invention of which would inevitably lead to the proverbial whiz-bang finale .
the fact that the film is staged during hong kong's last days under british rule gets some lip service but doesn't figure in at all .
it's both rousing and chilling .
i don't know what the writer's intention was with drive me crazy .
" don't trust nobody .
the point of it all , i think , is to represent a girl's rites-of-passage on an unconscious , primordial level .
the problem is that de palma doesn't have a strong story or characters to work with .
laughable , actually .
of course , the little mermaid will probably be best remembered for its remarkable collection of songs composed by the songwriting team of alan menken ( music ) and howard ashman ( lyrics ) , who had created little shop of horrors and would go on to compose beauty and the beast and aladdin for disney before mr . ashman's untimely death .
dicaprio is a revelation .
deuce's life is complicated by a bothersome cop ( william forsythe ) looking for information on antoine and by kate's discovery of his man-whoring .
but aside from these two , the rest offer nothing more than some good eye-full's .
of course , it's no secret that i am quite a big elvis fan myself so please take this whole review with that grain of salt in mind .
it's comes when maximus escapes his executioners .
forces of nature gets off to a solid enough start , setting up the characters and the situations with plenty of witty dialogue .
john lithgow , seen here playing a normal guy for a change , is playing a man who would normally be a flat out villian .
he is undependable , mean-spirited , and stupid .
how to immediately lose my attention : follow your opening scene with a terminally dull nice-guys-who-don't-deserve-to-be-in-prison scene .
brainard realizes the commercial potential within the goo can save the school from bankruptcy and being taken over by the town's evil industrialist charles hoenicker ( raymond barry ) .
also bob hoskins' performance should be credited .
hamlet seems to be a who's who of shakespearean-trained actors , so watching them perform the craft for which they have much love is a delight in itself .
the film doesn't have one specific plot and works in the same manner as the other films in the series where as what we get is one mini-plot and adventure on top of another .
too many of those who write or direct for children's movies assume that the kids just can't handle serious , thoughtful discussions on meaningful issues .
the lines the actresses come out with are completely horrible .
the supports are all strong as well , but the movie truly excels in its script .
in the only notable part of the movie , ally sheedy and radha mitchell deliver nice performances in the two leading roles , not that lisa cholodenko's script or direction makes you care much about either character .
ben kingsley ? "
just thought i'd mention that .
in his opening voice-over , howie reveals a morbid preoccupation with death on the road , citing the l . i . e .
whether you like the beatles or not , nobody wants to see the bee gee's take on some of the fab four's best known songs .
guido explains this during a hilarious sequence when a german guard barks the camp instructions to the newly arrived inmates .
in rochon's defense , though , her role requires her to do little more than display her toned legs , exquisite bone structure , and perky bosoms , the latter coming in handy for one key scene where she must fish for microbombs stuck in her ample cleavage .
alien 3 is riddled with symbolic speeches and metaphorical images .
sugiyama's awakening is less overt , but koji yakusho does a wonderful job showing a transformation of small steps .
so now it seems that we're in a full fledged return to the '70's disaster film era .
red corner is one of those films where you sneer , laugh or vomit youre way through all of its minutes .
apparently , the devil is just as eager to skew his fantasies as she is to possess his soul .
meanwhile , sam , convinced that he's being set up , goes to a shyster lawyer ( bill murray ) for help .
2 . they have better and younger talent , performers and wrestlers .
what doesn't work : drew's geeky new-self .
prozac , lithium , kava , ritalin , something , anything .
coming into play is another 70's veteran , robert forster as jackie's bail bondsmen max cherry .
it+s said that tragedies bring out the best in people , finding strengths they did not realize they had .
the repeating cycle is as follows -- the president ( morgan freeman ) will go on tv and tell the country that there's a remote chance a comet will strike the earth , but that the nation's crack scientists and astronauts have some brilliant plan to stop the problem .
rated : r for intense violence/gore , some strong sexuality and language .
dom is a part-time filmmaker who graduated from northwestern university's radio/tv/film programme not too long ago .
barb wire has the obligatory trucks flipping over , car crashes , explosions , broken glass and slow-motion shots of bodies falling hundreds of feet to their death .
* * * pretty good , bring a friend .
the jackal himself is not even much of an international villain .
.
there were times when i felt it too be a little slow , but most romances are .
how do they know he took the name clark kent and now works at the daily planet ?
the best part of the film would be a close contest between the closing credits and a brief moment in the middle where the screen goes entirely white and you hope that the film has slipped and caught ablaze in the projector .
the rest of the crew and cast are relative unknowns .
i guess i could say that i admire how filmmakers have become so much more devious in their product placement strategies . . . oops ,
oscar nominatored cinematographer william fraker gives the film a nice look , but director chelsom shows none of the quirkily and blackly humorous depth he brought to films like " hear my song " and " funny bones . "
it's here that he seems to hit his stride , speaking of life instead and somehow boosting sales .
it's not that the film is bad . . . it's
but that ? ? ? s not where the movie starts off .
in this case though the end credits really are the most entertaining part of the film .
so much for any confidence in the worthiness of their followup .
i think that anthony hopkins is one of the greatest screen actors , and he chews the scenery in this movie , brilliant as ever .
they don+t have to be broadcast and explicitly shown to muster the same horror--less is more .
the two childhood friends end up in bed together , making us wonder why they'd never become a couple to begin with .
no matter how deeply hidden , the production digs it up and exploits it for the audience .
epinions . com ?
( shades of film school . . . )
ben stiller also fares very well , totally changing his image from his _reality bites_ and _flirting with disaster_ straight men to being a , ( how to say it ? ) , a complete loser .
grant ( flutters eyelashes , offers a nervous smile , then responds in his annoying english accent and i-think-i-actually-have- talent attitude ) : could you possibly elaborate on that ?
director stephen fears' version of the london slums makes us marvel that anyone survived them .
besides blaming a large portion of it on the laughable school system , i condemn the other part to garbage like spawn .
meet joe black ( reviewed on nov . 27/98 )
he returned to find her dead and was heart-broken .
luke continues his training as a pilot and to become a jedi , ben kenobi confronts darth vader , and many other interesting events occur .
using a wonderfully patriotic score by james horner , petersen almost hides the in-your-face banality .
" simply irresistible " is actually quite easy to deny , a disaster of culinary and other proportions pretty much from the opening on .
braxton and kennesaw are forced to confront their own troubled lives .
his wife seems to exist in an eternal commercial in which she is always endorsing the latest hot household product .
theron mrs . lomax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . judith
none of these fantasy sequences , trust me , are things that need to be seen , but we see them anyway , complete with cheesy , make-out saxophone music .
5 .
don't get me wrong on what i think of this movie .
here is a sample review :
she and jude click eventually and become very endearing friends , so much that when she spends the night at his flat after running from her apprentice teacher job ( for none other than phillotson at the local school ) , there are rumors that she and jude did some nasty business ( nudge nudge ) .
but at least this has a bit of comedy in it , just not that much .
mr . fincher , who until now has only directed music videos and commercials , has done an incredible job here .
his character is a conductor with a passion for oscar wilde .
david mamet's dialogue , while trying to seem natural , is distant and simply fake .
the price is too high , but the owner of the store next door will secretly sell it to her for a more affordable sum .
shortly thereafter , she and her boyfriend have been gutted , signaling the beginning of a series of copycat murders .
shrek is a grumpy fellow living a solitary life deep in the swamp , until a local nobleman disturbs his peace .
instead , lee drags carter into the case and the duo get involved in stopping a conspiracy to counterfeit hundreds of million of us dollars .
but i guess that no matter what i or other critics say or write , most of you will see this film anyway , even if the tagline would say : " some films are just born stupid " .
it is a bunch of slug-like creatures that kill people and take over their bodies .
this is not what we wanted at all , considering john woo was the exec producer .
suddenly his security truck carrying over three million dollars gets stuck on the flooded street and is waylaid by armed looters .
in terms of its characters , the strong part of the film is the interesting relationship between gale and dewey ( who ambles onto the screen accompanied by his very own theme music ) .
ermey is solid in a supporting role that's more interesting than the two leads thrown together , but the charismatic leto ( claire danes' object of affection in " my so-called life " ) is a scene-stealer tried and true .
when the conditions become even more treacherous , bowfinger is forced to hire a kit ramsey look-alike named jiff ( also murphy ) , a sweet-natured dork who runs for coffee in-between shooting vital scenes .
if the monkey died , the movie got an extra half star .
some atrociously written casual exchanges between her and several male characters are supposed to remind us that she's the no-bullshit 90's type , but these conversations barely register .
let's just suffice to say that a group of teenagers are in the typical wrong place at the wrong time and are left to the mercy of remote control man ( mcconaughey ) and his lipstick wearing chainsaw revving half-witted sidekick .
it has been a long time since good-horror embraced the big screen , and event horizon is one .
they want to see at least one big breasted woman , characters that they've seen a thousand times before ( because change scares americans ) , and you always need a cheesy feel-good ending to wrap things up .
or perhaps you would consider going diving in shark-infested waters .
a slight romantic comedy with a feminist bent , but one with no edge to it .
they're either silly , sappy , or both .
the movie's humor is pathetically lame , and the pacing is way off .
in the scenes where good fights evil , there's a lot of violence and gore that children should not be seeing if they're watching a cartoon .
and why would respected actors like christina ricci and ian holm take bit parts in this movie ?
also , for a rather different interpretation of the character wong fei-hong ( who is in fact a popular figure from chinese folklore ) , i've been told to suggest the " once upon a time in china " series starring jet li ( though i haven't personally seen any of them yet ) .
sort of . . .
her death , though , is brilliant .
detmer and biggs stand in the way for anything interesting to happen with their own boring , pointless subplots .
just like the old days . . .
,
weaver being the vulnerable yet strong-within character ( as in aliens ) and hunter being the short , tough , texan speaking cop ( as in raising arizona ) .
they are the other good guys .
and am rather proud of that fact .
prior to this film being theatrically released ( it was originally filmed as a documentary for hbo ) i had seen the coming attractions trailer for it at least six times .
if this had not been insanely stupid already the story quickly changes when jinnie gives gordy to hank who then ends up becoming the ceo of a food processing corporation when hank's grandfather , the original ceo , dies and leaves his fortune to hank . . .
he suspects hogarth knows something about the giant , and takes up residence in hogarth's house as a lodger .
" the celebration " is one of an elite kind of films that is completely absorbant .
his sisters are killed in brutal fashion , by hindus , because they are muslim .
even some american tourists , present in the film mostly for comic relief , seem to know better than dr . fuentes that things have gotten pretty bad in the mountains .
foster ) .
the cast , which is led by treat williams , is primarily comprised of has-beens and probably-never-will-bes ( two exceptions : wes studi , best known as the villain in the last of the mohicans , and djimon hounsou , amistad's cinque ) .
the sun rises and sets on cue and everyone likes everyone else .
it is not even original in that sense , and it does borrow heavily from films like alien , hellraiser and even blade runner .
proof of life , russell crowe's one-two punch of a deft kidnap and rescue thriller , is one of those rare gems .
" isn't it beautiful , " she coos .
as the boomers age , expect to see more mid-life crisis films to catch the attention of that demographic .
there certainly is no pile of marshmallows here .
as a result , no weapons are to be found .
a second accuser comes front , suzie toller ( neve campbell ) , a booze-drinkin' , tattooed piece of trailer trash that charges lombardo of sexually molesting her , virtually guaranteeing a trial where preposterous confessions , asinine occurrences and laughable courtroom procedures are bound to happen .
there is little or no consistency in the story-line .
he comes " back to ireland " , living with the curmudgeon uncle , tony egan ( donal mccann ) .
what i got was 90 minutes of regret--the worst alicia silverstone movie ever .
that makes it a film without much center .
( on the other hand , if you are one of those who walked out in disgust with smith's dogma , then jay and silent bob strike back is not the movie for you . )
on his quest , he embroils himself in a struggle for control at the highest levels of the french government .
now there's " permanent midnight , " in which stiller plays another jerry , this one a heroin-addicted television writer , last name stahl .
meanwhile , a hotshot director ( justin theroux ) , whose wife is in bed with the poolman , is forced to cast a certain actress in his new film and there's an assassin ( mark pellegrino ) roaming the city .
oh , it's just a merchandising ploy then ) , the actors ( jim carrey's in it ?
van damme doesn't land his first kick until after thirty--too late for most action fans--and by the time the hour mark has rolled around , your jaw will be on your cup holder and you'll be wondering why you elected to spend seven dollars on this mess .
stuart however is missing something , and he wants to know who his real parents are .
if you do go , keep an eye out for robert conrad in a role as president grant .
did he get 'hooked' ?
frank mackey ( tom cruise ) runs the kinds of self-help seminar that businesses like so much , but he aims his at teaching disaffected men how to be real shit-heels in dealing with women in an angry backlash to women's lib .
while the plot may be somewhat familiar the characters are original , especially baby herman , and watching them together is a lot of fun .
for that scene , it was written for the characters to be smoking marijuana , so being the wacky kids that they were at the time , they decided to actually smoke marijuana for the scene .
f . w . murnau's career ended sadly and prematurely .
that doesn't mean we have to .
the story follows a promotional visit to rome by famous american mystery novelist peter neal ( anthony franciosa ) where he discovers that a serial killer is on the loose inspired by his latest book " tenebrae " .
and the fun starts their .
events become more and more proposterous , and by the end , the film has decided to rely on the worst offender in mysteries like this : the deux ex machina .
sara declares that if this " thing " -- let's just call it love -- is destined to happen , fate will bring them together in the future .
the plot is a stupid combination of " aliens " meets " species " meets " jurassic park . "
an example of an insightful conversation :
an attractive young cast is pitted into an unlikely scenario that could only happen in the movies , and in the end , the guy always gets the girl .
as it turns out , ms . grier is solid in the film's title role , although nothing here forces her to test her range .
it's too much .
rodman juices things up with his blatantly vibrant screen persona , though , leading up to a stunt where he kicks an opponent between the legs .
but here , he gets himself into a bind .
giovanni ribisi ( 2000's " the boiler room " ) is heartbreaking as a mentally slow young man who sees annie as his only friend , and wants her to do nothing but help him understand why he is being plagued by bad dreams about his dad .
obviously that's not the case here .
in the first tense situation in the film , we are introduced to roper s kind of work , as he tries to calm down a confused , unkempt young criminal who has taken captive the entire capacity of the san francisco bank he is holding up .
aliens begins 57 years after alien ended .
after having heard so many critics describe " return to me " as an old-fashioned hollywood romance , i kept asking myself going into this movie : what exactly is an old-fashioned hollywood romance ?
all mrs . christian wants to know if the girl in the film was killed or not .
nothing short of hiring a new cast , a more literate screenwriter , and a new director could have saved this tragically misguided adaptation of jackson's meritorious novel .
again , shepard's method of handling this amusing scenario is nothing short of comic wizardry .
dr . smith ( gary oldman ) has been hired by a group of rebel conspirators to turn the expedition sour , and dr . smith has re-programmed a talking robot to " destroy robinson family " !
then one day , a new boarder arrives at bobby's house .
he promises to get emira out of harm's way if he gets the chance .
yea , it's only make believe , but that doesn't mean you have to tolerate it .
woody and buzz are back in the sequel to the 1995 hit " toy story , " and things have changed a bit since the last one ended .
perhaps he thought he could ad lib it into success .
a cowboy president ( even down to his name ) with big guns shoots his way through problems .
clown manipulates simmons , now in superhuman spawn form , into a stand off with wynn .
look . i'll be honest here .
the news of her find attracted hordes of alien believers , cultist , the media and of course , the government .
the community is astonished .
van buren is a weak politician but nothing else .
about ten years back , with the unexpected success of mad max and the road warrior , post-apocalypse nitty-gritty survival yarns became popular at the movies .
when i saw the list of players early last year , i figured the result would be a can't-miss comedy .
his interest here , unequivocally , is jerry , a man so haunted by his pledge that it consumes the entirety of the his existence .
a man played by keanu reeves is about to find that out , when is kidnapped and almost coaxed to go into the real world .
last , and most importantly , it examines the cultural confusion experienced by the africans who were forced into slavery and the damage done to their native culture in africa by the slave trade .
a picnic scene involving the six key characters is just bizarre , not only for the stretched logic of these people hanging out together , or even knowing each other , but mostly because an unusual amount of screen time is dedicated to a goat .
needless to say the acting is far from top notch , nor does necessity ask that it should be .
give me a break .
plot : a human space astronaut accidentally falls upon a planet ruled by apes .
all he has to do is rescue a damsel in distress and make her his wife .
veteran readers know that , as a rule , i don't encourage people to patronize lousy films .
the young cast are talented and help bring the story to life .
scorsese views the dalai lama the way many tibetans probably do , as a larger-than-life symbol of buddhist spirituality and political leadership : the only glimpses into his head come from several interesting yet oblique dream sequences , but his portrayal is appropriate for a film that concentrates on the political and spiritual rather than the personal .
but , soon after , following a series of unexpected events ( we couldn't get into shaft because it is rated r ) , i found myself watching boys and girls .
starring brad pitt , anthony hopkins , claire forlani
jean pierre le pelt is a flamboyant fashion designer with a penchant for fine furs and depardieu's over-the-top antics mimic those of the campy close flail for flail , and wail for wail .
technically this is a beautiful film and a lot of thought has gone in to the production .
desperately trying to puncture the tension , cappie begins to kick basketballs around the room .
it is certainly oscar-caliber acting , unquestionably .
and how does travolta's gabriel plan to do this ?
his name is rudy ( short for rudolph , in all likelihood .
the film never addresses this question , nor does it show the reactions of the american public to the news of the apparent war except for a few scenes which border on the farcical , such as when basketball fans litter the court with shoes in support of the aforementioned sgt .
so is this going to end up labeled as a comedy ?
unfortunately , these kinds of flicks will continue to be produced because people no longer have expectations ; one idiotic super-hyped blockbuster flick after another has desensitized audiences to the point where films don't need to do anything more than promise a good time without the added pressure of delivering .
now that's powerful filmmaking . ) smith is nothing if not sincere about his own devotion to god , and that spirituality shines through .
a lethal half-alien in heat who dispatches of her sexual partners in grotesque fashion -- now * that's * what i call empowerment .
what reminded me was that i wasn't choked up , or even the slightest bit moved , for that matter .
are we really supposed to believe that after a millennium of looking for gold , the psychlo never discovered fort knox ?
it is not really an exciting or thrilling film , but instead a highly interesting portrayal of a true story .
he takes command and offers much gravity as the ex-spy sam , a man who's called to france to help a shady operations controller named dierdre ( natascha mcelhone ) recover a package .
bobby is button-downed , tightly-wound , always waiting for the next shoe -courtesy of ricky - to drop .
there are numerous problems with the film , and which one is the biggest one is pretty impossible to put a finger on .
in one scene , she actually looks dead while someone is having sex with her .
beyond an ability to use skin-diving gear , no special talents are required of him .
one could almost say the same about his much-prized film .
for some reason , every person in this film keeps having sex .
but this one is not going to be one that i watch repeatedly like the other three .
the director herself stated that it was " ok to laugh " during the picture .
this is one swordfish that should have been thrown back in the water .
seriously , though , planet of the apes is one rip-roarin' summer outing , filled with thrills , action , adventure , wit and bits of funny ( dare i say , monkey ) business .
this also provides for a new elaboration and explanation of the force which has never been mentioned before .
deuce goes on numerous " dates " , and each woman he goes out with has a " humorous " quirk about herself .
but granted , depalma at least makes it intriguing to watch , what with his over-the-top shot set-ups , notably the beginning and a sequence where the camera pans over top of a bunch of rooms in the hotel , forgetting anything about boundaries .
however , despite the potential of the project , " tomb raider " proves to be yet another bomb .
the premise is strictly sitcom and the photography is grainy as all get-out , but you could spend ten times the film's budget ( a reported $27 , 000 ) and still not get dialogue half as good as this .
and evil takes the cake , doubtlessly .
reed's death presented the filmmakers with an obvious problem , as he still had scenes to be completed .
granted , _the great dictator_ comes to mind--charlie chaplin+s almost masterpiece .
finn leaves florida with " great expectations " to be a successful artist so that some day he might become classy enough to marry the snobbish estella .
based on the 1960s tv series that i had never seen or heard of before this movie ( be happy , i won't bore you with any lame and unnecessary comparisons ) , this film allows will smith to take a third stab at the independence day weekend box-office , after scoring huge successes with men in black ( 7/10 ) , directed by the same man who controlled this one , and independence day ( 6/10 ) .
it just goes to show , an intelligent person isn't necessarily an admirable storyteller .
ultimately , however , the picture rises above its own artifice to raise some real questions about the relationship of humankind and our creator .
the story revolves around the attempts of political spin doctor conread brean ( robert deniro ) to distract the american public from the accusations that the president , who is up for re-election in two weeks , sexually harassed a young girl in the oval office .
jet li is a master of these intricate physical battles .
on the contrary , lost highway is a dark and perplexing mystery that takes lynch's previous excursions into murder and intrigue one step farther .
along with the two leads , are several recognizable faces , including corbin bernsen ( l . a .
oh , it makes me weep with disappointment .
they are also mercenaries that have tough-looking haircuts , talk with accents , and try to show how macho they are .
for each nifty trick tsui pulls off , such as a recurring visual theme that has the camera literally going through the circuitry of electronic devices , there are others that are completely superfluous .
the prerelease ballyhoo is in the tradition of the last temptation of christ's , martin scorsese's 1988 adaptation of nikos kazantzakis' controversial novel , in that it is not directly linked to the picture's content but to rumours and heresy .
hullo ?
as for the audience , you will likely be lost in boredom by this point , wondering if the plot , like the jupiter 2 , will ever get off the ground .
after discovering that the boat is slowly sinking , ( un ) lucky for them , a huge ocean vessel that appears to be dead in the water turns up within the confines of their radar screen .
whichever way you look you will find carving boards near his pitying and downright appalling last two years .
and with a $70 mill .
the jedi were warriors who were wiped out by the dark side .
the colorado daily said the film would have been more interesting if the central character was will robinson and not his father john robinson .
in the meantime don knows just how to get under everybody's skin .
have you ever rented a movie and recieved a sinking feeling about it when you watched the previews preceding the feature presentation ?
anyway , the goons discover diana , and will do anything to recover the tape .
nevertheless , truman begins to grow restless , and dreams of escape to fiji , where an old college sweetheart ( natasha mcelhone ) supposedly lives .
but when barf is the highlight of a movie , you know the movie's in trouble .
the academy will not forget tom hanks come april 1999 , as another well deserved oscar with be in tom's posession .
i was hoping that the movie would be packed with cool stuntwork as promoted in its trailer , but what you see there , are essentially the snippets from the two major ( and cool ) swashbuckling sequences from the film .
the other 79 minutes , though , are a drag .
what a friggin' mess .
his speech to mullen over a walkie talkie about h . g . wells=92 morlocks and eloi reveal his vision of=
and if you're the type of person who likes celebrity cameos in films , well , don't look any further because dozens of famous faces show up here including vince vaughn , billy zane , winona ryder , christian slater , david duchovny , natalie portman and many , many others .
what could have been a courageous , unsettling character study of an emotionally disturbed young boy , only manages to be an ineffective , uninvolivng bore .
sixties icon terrence stamp manages to at least be menacing as the aging criminal .
thankfully , legend rose above it's soggy premise to become not only a hip , scary and stylish entertainment , but also what will probably become one of the best films of the year .
reindeer games stars ben affleck as rudy , a supposedly hardened criminal spending his days and nights behind bars with fantasies of pecan pies dancing atop his head .
she goes wild , sleeps in late .
he nearly ruined carrey's career with ace ventura : when nature calls , let's hope he hasn't ruined robbin's ( or even lawerence's ) with nothing to lose .
he _should_ have played the town sheriff , an experienced and somewhat intriguing policeman .
by an extremist chain of events , the tape ends up in labor lawyer robert dean ( will smith ) 's posession , and it's not long before he's running from reynolds' cronies .
who cares !
we know jon , it's called editing .
but what they amount to spoils the effect of having them in the first place  perhaps this is why red corner is so frustrating to watch .
if you like " drunken master " , take a look at the numerous other early jackie chan films that are out there ( even the dubbed ones aren't really _too_ bad . . . if
welles is actually selected for the case by the old woman's lawyer ( anthony heald , an actor who always plays the same type of character , that being a bad guy ) .
the novel was a summer smash , topping best-seller lists across the country and already drawing speculation as to which popular actors of the day might play the leads .
playing the same dumbed-down role as she does in friends , kudrow is amusing , but doesn't fit into this comedy mold as well as the director may have hoped .
the nut-biting finale between mini me and austin .
and the first " species " was helmed by roger donaldson who , although certainly no genius behind the camera , had demonstrated much better judgment with his previous choice of projects .
the movie's pacing is slow , and the plot turns are mindnumbingly obvious from start to finish .
as the story opens , an angry gloria ( stone ) is being released from prison after 3 years confinement .
a film review by michael redman copyright 2000 by michael redman
it is never clear who is double-crossing whom and who is working for whom .
not for everyone , but a definite change of pace for your typical night at the movies .
after conquering the stars , for some reason we use vast amounts of energy to load up huge space ships with rubbish tote it to a landfill light years away .
something like that .
hints of it were everywhere -- in a man who hates ownership but wants desperately to possess his lover ; in ancient cave paintings of swimmers copied casually by a modern-day swimmer in the sahara ; in the way the shifting sands of time obliterate everything more completely than a world war .
if there was ever any question as to why most of these bands were so popular , this is quickly dispelled .
so maybe taking his body away was the best decision any producer could have thought of .
as a young boy , kilmer's character enjoyed magic and would often journey away from his schoolwork .
kudos to both he and his production staff for putting together this fine picture .
they find a safe , and inside a picture of a woman .
perhaps that is a form of denial .
now he wants the diamonds stored in the ship's safe for compensation .
and it is it's own film in the same right that alien and aliens were .
he is praised for some of the most important films of the previous decades , like twelve angry men , serpico or the verdict .
his images , well-lit though they are , have an unmistakable been there-done that quality ; in fact , whole sequences , not to mention the cloaked , airy ghoul who owns the climax , feel lifted from a much smarter and infinitely more enjoyable spectacle from three summers back , peter jackson's the frighteners .
it tries to be twice as big as it's predecessor , yet ends up twice as shallow .
mediocrity is a pox on civilization .
in a re-make of its own 1961 " absent minded professor " , disney offers us proof that more is definitely less .
as the divinely jack , peter boyle succeeds in keeping his one-dimensional character funny and fresh .
to do this , they must exhibit at least marginal depth and must also be interesting .
the film then shifts to focus on boxer butch coolidge and his boxing escapades .
everyone in the film is a device , and it's painful to keep watching just to see another one appear .
but the best thing about the excellent boogie nights is paul andersons direction and writing .
ricci seems to put all her effort into seeming enigmatic , which guarantees that we won't sympathize with her character .
fang brings his asian american wife grace ( sharon iwai ) and his college-aged son paul ( kelvin han yee ) along , both of whom don't speak chinese .
anabella sciorra is wasted in her role as romeo's wife .
this movie does not know where it is going .
the tagline for this movie reads " the trap is set . "
for thirty minutes , the movie maintains the feel and mood of a reality that does not seem far removed from our own .
namely , the king has died , and his widow the queen has wed the king's brother , claudius , but prince hamlet suspects foul play .
but , on the other hand , other actors are more convincing ( lee richardson as an old rabbi , thal as ariel and charming mia sara as his intended bride ) , and the photography by andrzej bartkowiak very effectively creates atmosphere of warmth when the scenes take place in hassidic community .
here's something to chew on : what's the favorite food of big , cheesy-looking special effects monsters like the one lurking in the bowels of a luxury liner in deep rising ?
scriptures do speak of revelation .
the deedles are assigned to eliminate the p . dog menace , not knowing that it all is part of a fiendish plan by disgraced former head ranger frank slater ( dennis hopper ) .
the writing is fabulous , with some intelligent dialogue , some funny dialogue , but none of the dialogue is crap , like most hollywood films ( such as the lost world : jurassic park ( 1997 ) , or tommorow never dies ( 1997 ) . )
a dozen or so people survive the collapses and the incinerating fireball ( and what a fire ball it was ! )
one day , the dude is confused with another jeff lebowski ( david huddleston ) , this one being a millionaire philanthropist whose trophy wife , bunny ( tara reid ) , owes a lot of people a lot of money .
don't be seduced into watching this movie unless you've got several loads of laundry and nothing else to watch .
most of all , though , the story's focus has shifted .
jenette goldstein shows a fair amount of enthusiasm with her role , and steals several scenes of her own ( though her personality becomes slightly annoying when she isn't fighting ) .
this may be the modern restatement of the biblical prophecy from ecclesiastes , " there's nothing new under the sun . "
i was rather bored through what turned out to be a shorter than expected running time .
if you're over 60 and in the habit of driving at least 20 miles per hour below the posted speed limit , " neil simon's the odd couple ii " may be just the film for you .
in movies like " contact , " the special effects serve the story .
he is charismatic , and it's not hard to understand why giles is attracted to ronnie .
one of groeteschele's " logical " trains of thought ventures so far into fantasy theoretical prediction that it's merely absurd .
the rest of the cast is also very good .
this is all witnessed in a serious of flashbacks , so that leads us to the present .
in portraying the writer as a persistent but mild-mannered young lad , peter billingsley has struck quite the chord .
as a prisoner who taunts and harasses the guards at all hours , he really gets under your skin and irritates you for having to watch him torture others .
it has everything existenz doesn't , but it lacks the immediacy and intensity of the matrix .
insurrection feels a little to light to spring these kinds of big moral questions on the audience .
but she loves hasan , and tenderly refuses dil navaz's offer .
indeed , this has got to be either one of the most unimaginative rip-offs of other recent action movies , or an incredibly unfunny spoof of them .
dave grusin's memorable score , played at the perfect moments , certainly helps .
the haunting was well designed by eugenio zanetti .
a character study ?
it's not just because skarsg ? rd and rampling played disturbed parental figures in both films ( they're not bound by ceremonial wedlock in aberdeen ) .
i think first they need to concentrate their energy on themselves , and stop making movies which makes them look like nothing more than sex-crazed buffoons .
but one quiet pilot , chuck eager ( played by sam shaped ) succeeds and thus gives example for whole new generation of test pilots , determined to enter history books by breaking new speed records .
if there is one word for the movie surrounding her , it would be `disappointing' .
unfortunately , she has sided with yeung seung .
i especially enjoyed bonham carter's performance , who i believed to be the most developed character in the entire film ( human or ape ) and tim roth's bad guy , who chewed up scenery and oozed evil in every scene in which he took part .
near the end of 1996 , analysts remarked that the year would be the last in which disney would stand alone as the animation king .
he found the film to be a `sea of sugary bromides' and condemned mr . voight's character as `hopelessly wooden ? adopts an accent even more indeterminate than the one he came up with for anaconda . '
the horse loses and now ray has big problems , as the loanshark comes after him with his muscle to get his dough .
blanchett takes the unextraordinary material and runs with it , giving the entire film a truly classy aura that it otherwise might not have had .
meanwhile , dr . david drumlin ( tom skerritt ) , who has authority over seti but finds the program a frivolous waste of time and money , is ready to pull the plug on any and all seti funding .
he seeks help from the catholic church and help from rod stieger ( in a terrific role ) and tries to save this girl leading to an ending that's satisfying , but turns into a typical action movie .
there is no doubt that this is a 'sid james' carry on movie .
okay , maybe the last one was a bit nit-picky , but hey , i was on a roll .
even if you have no idea who mel gibson is , rocky remains an interesting character .
moreau ) strives for realism in an interestingly dynamic balance of suspense and action for his latest thriller , ronin .
in atlantis , which is supposed to be told through the eyes of young bobby , one would assume he would have to be in each scene in order to have the memory to which to flash back .
the robot scientist is more than a little pleased to note that his creations may be primal examples of what an insect or even an animal is -- a complicated set of sensory receptors .
director stephen frears , possibly not intentionally , has created a movie that makes you feel good about yourself and even that ostensibly no good uncle who watches television twenty four hours a day .
the pair is able to elicit the film's only laughs with their goofy antics and child-like behavior .
at its core , " the sixth sense " is a touching story of how a troubled kid and an emotionally-scarred adult help each other to move past their problems .
bobby as terminator ?
not good old theo .
now this annoying kid's problem is that in the process of trying to make everyone like him all at once , he shows he has no balls .
if you're a fan of the lovable , laughable adam sandler , well . . .
but she won't have to worry about it in the future career , since relentless 3 wasn't supposed to be anybody's finest moment anyway .
he is his son+s last nemesis , as one who most likely interferes with his son+s dreams .
too bad get carter returns stallone to action , but with the shiny paint rusted off on the edges .
marley ( robert forster ) , his new second officer nick vanzant ( james spader ) , head medical officer kaela evers ( angela bassett ) , medical technicians yerzy penalosa ( lou diamond phillips ) and danika lund ( robin tunney ) , and computer technician benj sotomejor ( wilson cruz ) .
on the run from russian mobsters ( the bad guys that seem to be all the rage in this year's films ) and trying to cut a pirate software deal with the chinese mafia , blossom is surrounded by blood .
then , as it's been threatening all along , the film explodes into violence .
the atmosphere in " ravenous " is macabre and bizarre , scary and surreal .
which comes to the moment of judgement ( drum roll please . . . ) .
he is naturally given a couple of modest superpowers , just enough for him to survive immolation from a flame thrower and an explosion of about a quart of nitroglycerine .
maybe a few girls will skip seeing a fully-clothed leonardo dicaprio for the thirteenth time in titanic to catch a glimpse of what kyra sedgwick ( mrs .
they're headed west , toward the rockies and away from the murder scene .
and all we can ask is why ?
but that's not the worst part of it : it's that it's the one person you didn't think it would be because he was too obviously supposed to be the red herring , the one you didn't think did it because it would be stupid and cliched of that person to be behind it .
there's nary a homophobe or bigot around , much to the surprise of henry hart ( arye gross ) , a successful but lonely manhattan artist who returns home to care for sam ( george coe ) , the ailing grandfather who raised him .
who cares ?
and through the dog and a rather heartwrenching car trip that involves simon , carol , and himself , melvin learns to emerge from his cantakerous shell .
thing that separates the dogs of war from conventional action movies , especially those made in 1980s , is its authenticity , almost close to documentary .
leo is captured to be used as a slave but also is discovered by ari , played by helena bonham carter .
after a few medical misadventures , the physician grows disenchanted with his employment .
luckily for her , miami is being plagued by a serial killer rampage - her scrapbook is getting pretty big .
but at least we're warned very quickly that we may regret our ticket purchase , giving us an opportunity to sneak on out and into the adjacent show .
any local hood could have done what gal is needed for .
this three hour movie opens up with a view of singer/guitar player/musician/composer frank zappa rehearsing with his fellow band members .
freaky and frightening things begin to happen , and after much of the film has elasped , milton's horrifying intent is finally revealed .
" gladiator " is a guy movie ( would the opposite of a " chick flick " be a " dick flick " ? ) .
max is dying .
the most popular trend of the last couple of years has been the twist ending .
the final result effortlessly combines the emotional happy ending of a mainstream picture with a gnawing discomfort that hits you square in the gut .
they kept muttering " this is stupid " over and over again .
i can understand making the native americans speak english for the benefit of the audience , but simply saying that they had met a missionary years earlier would have cleared up a lot ; history was modified in the film anyway .
however , the supporting cast does almost save the day .
this is why the beginning of " evita " is kind of a let-down .
scenes flow into the next scene like honey oozing off a strawberry .
sometimes after one of those long silences rob will ask " have anything to say sam ? "
the central problem with meet the deedles is that it simply just isn't funny .
that is what all the jurassic park films are .
the scientists engage in a rational argument , highlighting their different points of view , while lillian reacts in an emotional way , siding mostly with david's view but coming at it from a much different angle .
and the soundtrack's mix of electronic atmospheres and gothic rock by frequent argento collaborators goblin is the perfect accompaniment .
to this , i will respond that the boys in armageddon are neither heroic , nor brave , nor smart , even : this team couldn't build a birdhouse .
wigand is irate at his negative treatment for what he still considered continued to be loyalty to his agreement and his former employer .
this is a kind of movie for which i have no respect , a kind of movie which i had hoped died out years ago .
in the words of dave barry , " i am not making this up . "
but this film , sentimental reminder of the times " when future began " , perhaps could encourage at least some of them to follow " mercury " astronauts' footsteps seek new frontiers in the sky .
the haunting had literary pretensions and fell flat on it face .
we see a beating heart , inflating lungs , and veins pulsing with newly-pumped blood .
and while the film , like all romantic comedies , takes a hiatus from laughs towards the end because the plot has to finish up , there are more than enough truly hilarious moments in the first hour that make up for any slumps in progress during the second half .
it is , as a point of fact , an extremely un-creative movie .
after stealing her picture from a display , wing jing and his brother plot to impress her .
we were rooting for those who were fighting against the system .
so , if we hate them , then what's the point of an extended sex scene ?
a matriarchal society .
he has built a strong reputation with films like matewan and the secret of roan inish , and one of his best was his last film , lone star .
i left the picture thinking about what i would do faced with the cuban missile crisis .
of course rod stieger gives another great performance which really isn't nothing new .
grasshoppers jumping in unison seems like a menacing earthquake .
another character , schlubby businessman reacts to the loss of his job by actually killing his own baby !
part of what made " ghostbusters " so wonderful was a combination of a great script and characters the audience could root for .
i was personally kept in the game despite some soft spots , and enjoyed the overall ride for what it was as well .
i don't mean to suggest de bont is a plagiarist , i mean to suggest that he's a hack , having found no new ways to give us chills .
the croc itself is mostly computer-generated , of course .
his love ( kirstin scott thomas , mission impossible ) was severely injured in a plane crash , and eventually died in a cave .
there's maurice bendrix ( ralph fiennes ) who has an affair with henry mile's ( stephen rea ) wife sarah ( julianne moore ) .
the energy of the cast as a whole makes boiler room well paced and never boring .
additionally the crime involves digging from a swimming pool to the bank vault , flooding the vault .
at least , with " saving silverman , " we get a couple of funny perfs from zahn and black .
" from the director of " the nightmare before christmas " it said in the previews , which i'm guessing was said to get people to go see the movie , obviously it hasn't worked since the $75 million dollar movie has yet to break $5 million .
lonely and distraught , he contemplates suicide .
he also chases cats , urinates to mark his territory , or growls at his enemies .
i don't want to dismiss baigelman's successes out of hand -- he gets a fun performance out of dan aykroyd as a crooked cop , and some well-crafted comic moments -- and it is not his fault that fine line has chosen to promote feeling minnesota as a light-hearted caper .
the original elaine may/warren beatty script has been reworked by chris rock , lance crouther , ali leroi , and louis c . k .
critique : despite this film's interesting premise and dark subject matter , this movie sucks because it is unfunny , boring , and presents us with one of tom everett scott's worst acting performances .
on another channel , dean martin made wisecracks about " booze and broads " and peter lawford , decked out in love beads and a nehru jacket , purred suggestive one-liners as he ogled the go-go dancers .
bosco also points out scenes not in the american release as they come along , claiming that had they been in the original release it would have been a hit at the box office .
this is definately not young owens fault , however , because he gives a brilliantly accurate performance , and is able to also seem menacing as well .
in fact , lucas seems to bank on that preexisting knowledge quite a bit , and that's one of the problems with this film .
i only have two minor complaints about the entire film .
take his advice !
more importantly , the movie is entertainingly bad .
the four schoolmates are kevin , oz , finch and jim .
had the film been cut by an hour or so , i have no doubt that i would be calling it one of the best movies of the year in this review .
ralph fiennes is the title character , an amnesiac burn victim whose gradual return to memory , and particularly the memory of love , is the ostensible focus of the film .
renny harlin , you are forgiven ( for making cutthroat island ) .
as sinise says " you=92re a payer .
the actual gladiator battles are thrilling , but also a bit disjointed .
the huge mechanical spider is a technical marvel , very authentic looking and considerable to the creativity of the show .
maybe he felt it would be interesting playing the devil , and you can tell he is having fun doing so , but his skill as an actor cannot save the poor performances and lackluster script that surround him .
forming a band of aggressive farmers and using guerilla tactics considered unfair in the art of war , martin becomes the number one target of the british army .
there's not one appealing component of this man .
was it the tunes from sinatra , etc . , legendary singers the senior citizens in the film constantly harp on ?
to add to her turmoil , her mother shows up ( blythe danner , who apparently must have had her daughter when she was about 9 ) and her trusted bookstore manager ( deadpan ellen degeneres ) quits .
compare his dramatic scenes in the world according to garp and moscow on the hudson with what dreams may come or patch adams , and see how much more mannered he has become ( or , at the very least , how much less sensible at choosing material ) .
but almost always , it's impossible to know how to fight the invisible monster , and it's these episodes that make `american pie' such a carnal delight to watch .
it turns out to be a conventional film filled with the usual clich ? s and stock characters of this genre .
for this i thank them and for steve spielberg for making a movie that i will never forget .
if the plot is old , at least the style is creative .
who knows .
the action scenes are handled with a kind of flair though , and eventually begin to take on a life of their own ( beyond the hong kong films that they are obviously patterned after ) .
the stendhal syndrome is not a simple cop-hunting-killer scenario .
another nice touch is the music .
he was born on an ocean liner on 1/1/1900 ( uh , hence the name ) , abandoned and adopted by danny , a ship crewman .
and the aliens are about as anticlimactic as demi moore's breasts in " striptease . "
the film's screenplay never answers this burning question .
the jokes come in fast and so do the laughs , with humorous antics between the matron and sir bernard .
weanies , johnny , richard , dick etc . '
aside from the fact that children will probably be as bored watching this as adults , " quest for camelot " 's most grievous error is its complete lack of personality .
we see the same kinds of things -- speedboat chases , flood damage , shoot-outs , etc . -- over and over again .
many scenes appear staged , and a great deal of cutting-and-pasting has been done in the editing room .
nothing great , but more entertaining than anything in the 90 minutes which preceded them .
you know the rest .
erm , go to go , i guess .
one scene in the middle , in which the crew of a slave ship dispose of some of their " excess " slaves by throwing them overboard to drown , has to be one of the most disturbing film images of the year .
the rest of the cast , bob gunton as the villain professor in particular , is solid .
the coens fill the screen with lighting , set design , music , and hilarious performances from all the leads , especially bridges and the always reliable john goodman , who shows real comic timing in his untimely 'nam-inspired outbursts and his intense dedication to his adopted judaism .
lumumba's intelligence and ability to strategize , even as he's cornered by insurmountable odds , are given life by ebouaney .
jolie and banderas are attractive people and watching them naked is fun , although the filmmakers' insistence on using one of banderas' legs to cover jolie's crotch makes it look like he's trying to climb her .
where's joblo coming from ?
during the final sequence , i was overcome with the urge to get off the couch and start dancing .
luckily , he'd rather fight hand-to-hand instead of firing off guns .
anyone off the street could have played the role , such as it is .
but the action delivers , even if the energy peters out before the film's end ( the finale , as spectacular as it is , is a letdown for fans of chan's athletic prowess ) .
i want to be involved in show business one day .
at a slim 101 minutes , " six days , seven nights " never wears out its welcome , where a lesser film could have felt like it was as long as its title .
the lead character , flik ( voiced by dave foley ) , is nothing more than a slightly-less neurotic z from " antz , " but foley makes him nearly as engaging as allen made z . instead of gene hackman playing the villain , we get the much more menacing kevin spacey as the lead grasshopper , the nicely-titled hopper .
incredible !
instead you get woo .
yep .
i've seen some of his films ( silkwood , backdraft , unlawful entry ) and while he gave adequate performances , i have never been impressed with his work .
as of this writing , november 1997 has come to an end , as has disney's limited 17-day re-release of the little mermaid .
hugh grant's sunset boulevard arrest ( please , no caught-with-his-pants-down jokes ) may bring more people into the theaters , but they certainly won't leave with a smile on their faces , not after 90 minutes of grant's nervous smiles .
and the soundtrack includes some alternative grunge rock tunes that clash violently with the on-screen action they're matched to .
van damme is bad , but he's charming in that bad way , and so i can't say that he's hard to watch ( although i rarely understood what he was saying ) .
the main one is jill young ( poor charlize theron , forced to waste her talent ) , a lover of gorillas .
the script , written by ramis along with peter tolan and ken lonergan , starts off funny , remains funny for the most of the film , but sadly peters out somewhat during the last twenty minutes where it wrongly enters more serious territory .
they gonna get sexy .
don't get me wrong , contact is sci-fi ? but with a definite difference .
the goal is to gather as many clues as possible to figure that out and along the way overcome a conflict .
the film takes a decidely dark turn towards the end , as we learn how far they are willing to go in order to keep the propaganda campaign a secret .
yossef is a very stern follower of the order , he is also a political activist who drives around the city in a sound-truck with a bull-horn urging jews to stick together and fight their godless enemies .
doubtfire is nonetheless an engaging belly-laugh comedy served up with high energy .
professor phillip brainard ( williams ) is a terminally forgetful scientist teaching at a small college .
if you want to have a fighting chance of making any sense of the movie , i suggest you read it .
it would seem that the commercial potential of dolores claiborne is limited .
the peter pan subtext is intriguing .
a young girl going through the typical stages of adolescence , but having to also come to terms with her families growing dysfunction .
a veteran of numerous hard-nosed business negotiations , the tycoon realizes that in order to get his son back alive , he has to play his hand differently .
the most amazing thing about the movie is how people so intelligent can talk so much and yet get so little through their thick heads .
weary of pressing his cheek against the camera lens to get this effect during conversations , morris developed an elaborate double-camera gadget he calls , half-jokingly , the interrotron .
wing jing meets the singer at the club ( jessica hester ) and falls in love with her , not realizing that she is the star attraction .
watching the movie , i vowed to subtract half a star from the review because the filmmakers included a saccharine syrup , cute 'n cuddly , computer-generated monkey .
as in platoon , full metal jacket gets off to a quick start .
neve campbell gets to model the slutty look .
he has slyly managed to keep his work as secretive as possible by locking himself in the lab , which is off limits to her , as he secretly goes about conducting experiments on rats and mice , convincing her that what he is doing is to benefit humanity with possible new treatments and cures to illnesses .
director adam rifkin knows he hasn't got much material to work with , so he takes a chapter from the michael bay book of directing and keeps his camera spinning .
i'm not suggesting that " patch adams " was tossed out just to rake in the bucks .
as time ticks away before his memory cube self-destructs , the frantic search for his body is on . . . while
plus , as reeves explains , " we're all stacked right on top of each other , but we don't notice each other any more . "
i just didn't buy the fact that everyone had completely accepted their fate .
based on the novel by t . coraghessan boyle , the road to wellville doesn't go very far .
elijah wood plays leo biederman , who during astronomy class discovers that a large asteroid is heading for earth .
whilst rush is known for his tv work in australia , i think this is his first major cinema work .
he has shaggy , shoulder-length hair , a grizzled goatee badly in need of a trim , and he wears mostly stained tee-shirts , long shorts , and gellies without socks .
one of the most unpleasant experiences that can occur in a movie theater is when a cast of fine actors end up in a film that wastes their talents .
but the lion's share of the jokes come at the expense of the wonderful world of disney .
dolores claiborne is certainly more of a character study than a suspense thriller .
in this re-make of the 1954 japanese monster film , godzilla is transformed into a " jurassic park " copy who swims from the south pacific to new york for no real reason and trashes the town .
for a while , it looks like alan parker can't pull it off .
i've heard about this kind of thing happening before , and it makes me wonder how much input a studio has over the films they produce .
one posse comes from the trailer parks and are to be featured in the " i slept with my stepfather " segment , and the other is based on some fly-girl whose girlfriends keep sleeping with her undevoted " dog " boyfriend .
these two people , with very similar approaches to life initially , react to their new circumstance very differently .
the two are acting as ambassadors of some sort in hopes of ending the obvious hostility between the federation and the planet's queen , amidala ( portman ) .
the best thing , however , is the plot .
some colonial masters were better than others . )
hence there are snakes that are identifiable from many different geographical areas .
1996's the cable guy was supposed to be his big " breakthrough " role from zany humor into darker , more dramatic acting .
the former roommates fly into california from their respective homes for the wedding and , quite literally , run into one another at the airport .
i've said it before and i'll say it again : the only thing that matters to me in a comedy is whether or not it's funny .
alicia plays a babysitter who's spending friday night looking after two kids whose parents are out getting drunk at a cocktail party .
the neat thing is that the two actors are able to get fresh laughs from stale material .
unfortunately , this film does more of the opposite as it simply builds on top of what must be a history so long and detailed it could never be explained .
and what about that script ?
the plot of " nosferatu . . . "
i just can't wait to see eddie murphy in a love scene with himself .
but the last days handles all these potential obstacles very well .
there is no ultimate 'answer' or final comprehensive understanding after the month-long vacation .
once again , chan's screenwriters ( here edward tang and fibe ma ) have taken the easy way out and named their star's character simply jackie , with no last name .
with the once seemingly-impregnable disney stranglehold on the market share suddenly looking mighty vulnerable , and faced with their first serious competition in the animated film market from fox's anastasia , disney has brought xmas home early by dusting off the feature which sparked the modern revival of feature animation , the little mermaid .
and while he doesn't have the comic genius of a woody allen , alda does possess the inspiration to make movies which are ten times more entertaining than the slop which usually passes for comedy .
although dora is already engaged , guido manages to sweep her off her feet and persuades her to marry him instead ; the two have a child named joshua ( giorgio cantarini ) .
there is no set-up , just a succession of punchlines that don't provide for much in the way of chuckles , precisely because there was no set-up .
there's considerable sexual tension between travis and libby ( hey , there's something " the fugitive " didn't have ! ) , but it never goes anywhere .
then , instead of single narrator , scorsese switches to the second character as narrator in the middle of the film only to switch back to the original shortly afterwards .
dress . . .
that's only the first of many improbabilities in this film .
seeing her was one of the highlights of the film .
and what a shame that is .
and he made this film .
now if that isn't enough to get you to finally see a van damme movie , i don't know what is .
anyways , here's those quotes , enjoy !
well , rufus sewell is pretty fun to watch as the head of a creepy runaway children's shelter/satanist supreme , with seriously wicked eyes and just enough ham in his performance to go with all of the cheese lying around .
the best you can say about her , is that she's not to blame for this picture being so off .
it is obvious that anderson put a lot of time into connecting each subplot .
the sets are almost expressionistically bare , echoing the loneliness of the protagonists .
aside from jared leto and joshua jackson ( who aren't on the screen long enough ) no one in urban legend makes the grade .
adam sandler vehicles are never anything special , but continue to make a load of money .
" i'm not enjoying this , " the woman protests .
the supporting cast is apparently made up of the entire cast of casino and goodfellas , and are all funny caricatures , especially vitti's bodyguard jelly ( joe viterelli . )
with a boring lead character , 'controversial' scenes that manage not to be controversial , and a director obsessed with looks , what could have been one of the most shocking films of the year is a dumb thriller .
i also hate ryan phillippe , so perhaps my opinion is not as objective as it could be .
.
this is the lightest installment in the star wars saga thus far , with plenty of broad comic relief to go around , much of it courtesy of an irritating knew character named jar-jar binks .
is it a melodrama ?
this is a summer-time comedy that , unlike something such as american pie and south park , doesn't break any rules .
the music in the film is composed of all reggae songs , and the soundtrack was produced by grammy award winning artists , sly and robbie ( who have worked with the likes of the rolling stones , maxi priest , bob dylan , james brown , grace jones , herbie hancock , bootsy collins , and carly simon among others ) .
one night , while drinking late into the evening , they begin wishing for the ideal man to drop into their lives .
most of the people involved in reindeer games just came off terrible slumps with excellent comeback performances in their most recent films .
are these hallucinations ?
his emotional life before the story begins is an essential clue that remains withheld .
there are words and advances and some pushing and shoving and beau runs back into the house , passed his startled mother , as the crack of a wooden railing giving way breaks the cold blue silence and an intoxicated reese tumbles out of sight .
this is will be one of the great unnoticed performances of the year : note how multi-dimensional his character is .
some gore .
there's never the sense that these are real characters engaging in conversation .
together they attempt to find and destroy the surprisingly elusive godzilla .
?
projections of the subconscience ?
it's the new film from ringo lam , the latest hong kong filmmaker to defect to hollywood , and stars that minor league schwartzeneggar from belgium , jean-claude van damme ( who , you will recall , also starred in john woo's maiden hollywood effort , hard target ) .
kevin bacon gives one of his fair performances as ray duquette .
as a producer ( there were four others ) he was able to keep the movie free from hollywood's indulgent formulas ( except for those inexcusable chase scenes ) .
the elderly bank robber is henry ( paul newman ) , a famous criminal that was only recently caught .
the court scene at the end of the film is useless and unbelievable , and not helped by the soppy overacting .
the plot in mr . nice guy is negligible , merely an excuse to have jackie on the run from various goons .
the love scene between austin and ivana humpalot , that redefines chess and oral sex .
if only her name wasn't jillian , the makers of this embarrassing bit of sci-fi shlock could have come up with a far more appropriate title : " rosemary's species . "
and " joe isn't safe here ! "
up until about a year ago , john travolta's career consisted of those " look who's talking " movies ( notice how they never called them look who's talented ) and the 1991 bomb shout ( which was bad enough to make most people scream ) .
deniro is playing a variation on his al capone character from the untouchables , without any of the violent rages .
he's the only one there ( again : ! ! ! ) and he only has a couple rooms ( yet again : ! ! ! ) .
bob's your uncle !
magoo' was by far the worst ever made , the spectacularly bad 'blue in the face' , the horrible 'baby genuises' and now 'i woke up early the day i died' .
still , the cast have a meaty script to get into and obviously enjoy it .
shortly thereafter , he begins to sing " time is on my side " as he's taken on his last walk .
the predictable storyline revolves around nomi streaking into las vegas to make it big as a dancer .
quinlan , on the other hand , is a great actress who needs to get a role that shows off her talents .
once in vegas , the movie settles down to the effectively staged fight sequences between vince and caesar .
the villains are the only interesting part of the series according to schumacher .
i was incredulous when i first heard that mgm was planning a sequel to their 1995 science-fiction flick species .
the family robinson . . . lost in space .
it's too slow .
the words " original sin " never come up in the movie of the same name , let alone the concept of it .
do not assume , however , that the art is limp-wristed .
there is a theatrical trailer for the movie , which is a great introduction to the subject matter .
please read no further if you do not want the ending spoiled , but i have to get something off of my chest .
while beatty gets off a few tart observations , his character is mostly passive and bemused .
but fear not , duchovny and another man later on provide more than adequate background info on what is going on .
the group around shanta represents , in a sense , a united india , and shanta herself the ideal motherland--one which all love , which inspires hindu , muslim , and sikh to live peacably together .
the new special edition contains two original movie trailers of the film as well as two songs deleted from the original version .
awful , it also is .
we've got plenty of kiss , along with some ac/dc , ramones , and thin lizzy .
they include a shady business partner , a prostitute , a dweebish millionaire molded after bill gates , and an oily owner of a porn website .
the hero rises from the ashes of failure , the team comes together in unity , the hero falls in love with a conventional love interest , the football games are won with enough schlock value to make the most ignorant of audiences cheer and clap , and the cheerleaders make you want to go home and watch late night movies on cinemax .
then there are the others : pinto , a wimp ; flounder , a blimp ; d . day , a biker ; stork , who may or may not have brain-damage ; and last but not least . . .
of course , the movie is now long gone from theaters , but that's beside the point .
this formula of sorts is repeated several times throughout the movie .
tings don't run we . '
my advice to fans is : stay home and watch that video collection , or at least spin that cd a couple of more times . . . either
but what's this ?
anyhow , the premise is certainly a nifty one and the opening scene is spooky and atmospheric .
nevertheless , the animation is quite stunning at times .
his daughter , myrtle plummer ( jacki piper ) , is going out with wc's son lewis boggs ( richard o'callaghan ) and this causes conflict on the staff day out to the seaside when vic spanner vies for her attentions .
for the sake of comparison , i had no trouble understanding the usual suspects during my first viewing .
i'm sorry .
there are a lot of fancy special effects , and a handful of distinguished actors who try desperately to tunnel through the inane plot and make a lasting impression .
however , inside his party , more people want to kill him than just the hired assassin .
as a result , it looks more like the home movies you never dare shot of your family than an actual film , but always wanted to .
the print i saw wasn't completely finished ( both color and music had not been finalized , so no comments about marilyn manson ) , but cinematographer peter deming ( don't say a word ) ably captures the dreariness of victorian-era london and helped make the flashy killing scenes remind me of the crazy flashbacks in twin peaks , even though the violence in the film pales in comparison to that in the black-and-white comic .
sandra likes to act out her deep-seated sexual fantasies and jake's brother ben ( the suave-as-ever don johnson ) likes to help .
the cast includes four oscar-nominated actors !
the actors don't help the movie much either .
he wowed me with some the most memorable car chases i've ever seen in last year's ronin .
as the final scene closed out in happy slow-mo fashion , i felt happy to have been priveleged enough to watch such a good display of filmmaking .
the script has an open honesty and outlook on life , one that is so realistic , you feel uncomfortable at many times , because so many situations the characters are in are undeniably familiar , as most families these days most go through the hard times , as ben and katie must .
during the song's reprise , which builds to a crescendo with ariel arching on a rock as a wave crashes in , the cumulative effect is nothing short of breathtaking , and one becomes acutely aware that this single instance is one of the finest in animation history .
the young teenagers trying to discover who they are thru drugs , sex , and alcohol is really almost identical to the parents trying to figure out the purpose in their own lives using the same methods .
i liked " metro , " and i do not think would have worked with any other actor but eddie murphy .
what's worse is that body of evidence is dull * everywhere * , not just in the sex scenes .
however , after his birth , and through several genetic tests , doctors tell his parents that he will have a 99% chance of a weak heart , as well as poor eye sight and a short life span .
the tune , as with the entirety of longtime besson collaborator eric serra's innovative score , is haunting , but it is also completely jarring .
of course , we know that isn't the way it happened happen because we saw an evil , square-jawed government hitman with a mean-looking crew-cut knock off the parents .
beware the big green dragon that lurks outside your door !
" you feel that there's a and looking directly into errol morris's camera .
grady instructs a writers workshop while working tirelessly on a follow up to the novel that put him on the map .
dr t . white teaches film at the english language and literature department of the national university of singapore , but we don't hold this against him .
it isn't gonna happen .
even if the script is super sharp , i can't help but find the ending displeasing .
and , to add to the complications , strasser shows up under a benevolent pretext ( he tells jill that he has a preserve big enough for joe ) , and joe recognizes strasser as the guy who killed jill's mother .
that's why this will have a strong box-office initative from people who just want to see it , like me , but will die after a week or two when the word around the grapevine kills it .
the subject escapes from the real world and his current girlfriend , laura , and becomes addicted to virtual reality , which , due to a design flaw in his unit , recreates the dead paris .
they are impossible to take seriously .
in my review of " the spy who shagged me , " i postulated an unbreakable law of film physics : every time a sequel is as good as or better than the previous film in the series , it is followed by a third movie that is a bore .
true , the probgram is only 15 years old this time , and it's a cartoon .
another scene involves roth's lengthy manufactured story about running into a group of cops and a police dog in a bus station bathroom while carrying a giant bag of marijuana .
the film was re-mastered so it looked better than it did in 1977 .
" haunting " has only special effects and art direction to boast of .
the camera likes to take up the perspective of the alien , racing after the characters .
what could be next ?
" detroit rock city " is one of those films that you walk out of after the credits have rolled and realize that you just spent 90 minutes watching a movie in which absolutely nothing happened to justify the film's existence , and it's not a very satisfying realization .
teen-age horror fans won't care because none of the soldiers look remotely like neve campell .
oscar predictions in june are pointless , but if the truman show had been released on schedule in late fall or winter of 1997 , as originally planned , james cameron would be oscar-less .
this one misstep does not put a damper on the rest of the film , though , because there is just far too much magic at work here to disaffirm such a petty problem .
for help , he turns to gwen's personal assistant/sister ( julia roberts ) .
.
it is notable that all three movies were banned in their native countries : the events shown may have happened decades ago , but they still touch a nerve .
but at almost two-and-a-half hours , i could not believe how little actually happened over the course of the story .
the implant goes wrong , and quaid really thinks he is an agent on mars for about two minutes , until he goes back to normal and can't remember a thing .
the plot is compelling , and the story creates urgency and dread by painting the grimmest of worst case scenarios .
hell no .
the " doctors are not gods " theme will resonate with a number of people , but it's so poorly produced that no one will care .
their crotch-biting pooch provides a couple of the big laughs here .
how do we know this ?
unlike drunken master 2 , which stars jackie chan as an adult fei-hong , iron monkey finds a much younger fei-hong ( sze-man tsang ) and his father wong kei-ying ( yen chi dan ) thrust into the middle of iron monkey's fight against oppression .
" i love it !
she receives an anonymous letter that states " a woman without a child is no better than dead . "
in other words , don't dismiss this film because of its source .
it's a shame that nothing else is heartfelt .
the flashy editing by brian berdan and frank corwin , robert richardson's rich cinematography and john williams' musical score create a hectic and bizarre atmosphere .
mulan herself is a disgrace to her loving family , as she has a difficult time fitting into the traditional woman's role , and in a very amusing scene where a matchmaker attempts to assess her value to a potential husband , we see that " grace " is not one of her strong points .
often times this spells disaster for films because the film makers veer away from what made the show popular in the first place !
whew !
its structure - beginning and ending in present day with one long flashback in the middle - is similar to the green mile , which is a bit ironic considering both were based on stephen king books .
in my opinion , this idea is absolutely brilliant .
use common sense !
he is arrested and hauled into a chinese prison .
the likable katie holmes plays leigh ann , an over-achiever hoping to get a college scholarship .
true , many italian jews were not deported until the war was nearly over , and most were not sent to the death camps , but to work camps where they were used as slave labor .
taken as a whole , beloved is a disquieting , one-of-a-kind experience , one to be viewed with guards down and spirits in abeyance .
and no wonder .
there's no doubt about it : the film that johnson has crafted is rich .
mia sorvino ( a passport forger ) is dragged into the affay and also provides a lame love interest as well as being rather handy with a gun .
meg ryan , in her most subdued performance yet , plays maggie , a doctor who begins to ponder exactly who it is we're fighting against when we fight to keep someone alive .
instead of dropping your money at the theater for this trifle , wait until it hits video and fast-forward past everything except the murphy scenes .
1900 spends most of his early years hiding in the bowels of the ship because of danny's fear that he might be taken away from him because of " visa matters . "
in walks princess bala ( sharon stone ) , whom no one recognizes without a crown .
for an established , talented director sam raimi is unable to provide any kind of originality to this film .
they play well off of each other and have a genuine chemistry which makes it a pleasure to watch them on screen .
it is set some decades before the events of the original 1977 star wars took place .
kermit is discovered by bernie , a big-time hollywood agent who happens upon kermit by accident .
hush has three very simple problems : it's incredibly dumb , it's incredibly boring , and it's incredibly predictable ( at least up to the stupefying ending ) .
see it twice .
we have all seen ben affleck have some fun on the set , it is so apparent in a number of scenes in good will hunting when he exchanges jokes with his friends at a bar .
according to the internet movie database , hoskins studied his young daughter to learn how to act with imaginary characters and i guess his hard work paid off .
? bulworth begins the speech , but suddenly goes off track and just starts being honest . ?
before this film , the game had a few spin-off cartoons- which were ok .
brian haley has a great scene with a gorilla , while joe pantolianto plays curly to mantegna's moe .
it's a very visual story , and you can pretty much just sit back without reading the subtitles .
this japanese import tells the story of a middle-aged accountant named sugiyama ( koji yakusho ) whose mundane life is shaken up one night when he spots beautiful mai kishikawa ( tamiyo kusakari ) in the window of a dance school .
on the other hand , sidney is pretty dull here .
most will recognize him as the high-flying robin from the two latest `batman' films , but other abilities are evident behind his boyish smile .
i taped all of these episodes and watched them only after seing the movie , i am glad to report that i learned nothing new .
it's also light and clever .
they gonna get funny .
they have collected six of the eight key spirits needed to complete their wave .
he visits and soon puts under his spell the respected blood physician dr . rochelle , whom he hypnotises into doing secret research on his behalf .
nurse betty concerns a soap opera addict , betty ( brilliantly played by renee zellweger ) , who witnesses the killing of her husband , del ( aaron eckhart playing the most casually loutish husband since richard benjamin in diary of a mad housewife ) by two hit men ( morgan freeman and chris rock ) .
the film also lacks conventional protagonist - yeager ( who also appears in small cameo ) remains the true hero of the film , but equal time and exposure is also given to other astronauts and their wives , making this movie into ensemble piece .
i lost all hope for the possibility of any genuine scares in urban legend about ten minutes in when i caught a glimpse of the killer .
shots are handled so efficiently that they quickly take on the nuances of the aforementioned john woo films , although the action isn't as hyperkinetic as most of woo's films are .
.
in the process , he not only creates a truly likable and memorable character in giles , but says a few things about the transforming power of love , even if it is unrequited .
her portrayal of the incredibly shallow and dumb femme fatale resonates .
shortly thereafter , she gets hit by a bus , and the son is orphaned .
in a gym bag . ?
he's befriended by sarah ( mia kirshner ) , presumably an older version of the child who narrated the first film .
at this point , jawbreaker seems poised to spin wildly into the uncharted depths .
the best of which is jack black ( of the very funny show tenacious d , a program that sadly went the way of bruce willis' hair ? ? ? unfortunately that annoying smirk remains ) , an ardent record store employee who bullies customers into buying exactly what he wants them to buy .
since boys and girls reunites she's all that director robert iscove and actor freddie prinze jr . , i predicted d ? j ? vu al over again .
following an operation flynt decides to stop taking drugs , althea does not have any such plans , nor the determination to follow them .
a guy with a bad past , but is in the right place at the wrong time .
the story of us plays out nicely , as the film opens with ben sharing his story with a therapist , told to the viewer through flashbacks .
she's also the few , the proud , the lucky to survive the igniting of l . a . ( as well as her dog , who narrowly survives ) .
contact is a fitting memorial to the memory of carl sagan , science popularizer , and sometime pedantic gadfly of the halls of academe .
go around to the other side of the car ! !
naturally , there's some pretty imaginative deaths , with arms getting ripped off , someone getting drilled , and heads exploding .
for guido , to save his son , transforms the entire experience into an elaborate game .
it was so awkwardly done , that it had no sense of truth or humor to it .
unfortunately , the current trend is to " overscore . "
so overall , i loved the whole " feel " of the planet , the apes that ruled it , the manner in which they treated the humans , screamed , shouted and reverted the entire evolution chain , but didn't appreciate the film's lack of human character development ( why was kris kristofferson even in this movie ? ) and the fact that its lead male and female humans were just plain boring .
postponed from last summer , with an escalated budget that makes it the most expensive movie in history , this was one film i was eager to preview .
their minds begin to bleed together at one point in the movie , and this should have provided an opportunity to discover the dark corners of catharine's own psyche .
so z gets sent off to battle , but he manages to survive the slaughter by the termites .
however , the real treat is jessica campbell in her confused role as a young homosexual girl .
perhaps if one character were foul mouthed , but in this film , everybody swears nearly every other word .
i remember being 12 and watching this at the cinema .
" lost in space " is major film production at its worst .
they watch as secret agents are transformed into bizarre creatures with silly putty faces and used as background characters on floop's tv show .
so , it seems that the real killer is offing our heroes in the order in which they bite it in the movie ? ? 'either the actor portraying them , or the real thing .
jeff goldblum gets the lion's share of screen time and his tired storyline weighs the proceedings down .
co-director nick park and his studio , aardman animation , produced three oscar-winning short films : " creature comforts , " " the wrong trousers , " and " a close shave . "
the third view in all this is the artist's , represented by lillian , who points out that the artist's work is shown in public and scrutinized constantly , " why shouldn't the same be true of the scientist ? "
without going into detail , this bit segues from the museum to hitler's touring car , to eva braun's dark lipstick , to lovitz burning his tongue , culminating at a ceremony honoring world war ii veterans .
well , it's deja vu all over again as two disaster films go head to head in competition .
now , i really appreciate what arrow entertainment is trying to do here , bringing a classic like this to the attention of a wider audience that might have otherwise just skipped this one .
ben is an ideal role for affleck's easy-going charm , and he plays the straight-laced straight man without forced exasperation .
stab features heather graham in the " casey becker " role ( played in the original by drew barrymore ) and tori spelling as " sidney prescott " ( neve campbell ) .
poor , poor phillippe struggles to make him interesting , but all he is a half-assed character and not at all our ticket to the glimpse of the decadence going on inside the club that he could have been .
nossiter's film thoroughly explores this neurotic territory in addition to delving into the americanization of greece and the use of mysticism as an illusion to deflect pain .
the plot is twisty and complex , with lots of lengthy flashbacks , and plenty of surprises .
jane march , on the other hand , has to keep her shirt on , which may be a first for her .
like most slasher flicks , this one also centers around a young female main character whose friends are slowly killed off by a knife wielding maniac ( or in this case an axe wielding maniac ) .
unable to find true notes of unspoken familial empathy in the one-note and repetitively bitchy dialogue , screenwriters kristin amundsen and hans petter moland fabricate a series of contrivances to propel events forward -- lost money , roving street hooligans looking for drunks to kick around , nosy cops , and flat tires all figure into the schematic and convenient narrative .
when you consider that this film is a part-comedy , that's not a very good sign .
maurice's job as a photographer gives the film opportunities for side comments on the main theme - a sad-looking bride that maurice coaxes to smile , a couple who pose awkwardly with a prominent wedding ring and argue about his spectacles .
thank me later .
john leguizamo's deliciously heinous performance as the injurious clown working for wynn is the film's relief point .
dr . fuentes ( played by federico luppi ) teaches medicine in the capital city of his country .
what we need is a batman , a luke skywalker .
yup .
the only mistake anderson made in trying to connect his characters was by making his actors all sing an aimee mann song simultaneously .
douglas , in his old age , is beginning to resemble jerry springer , a man who has actually paid for sex on numerous documented occasions .
there are a few reasons that made me unable to throw away the experience with the garbage .
imagine , a woman who does a trapeze strip tease in a bar while having a hose sprayed on her being referred to in such a sexist , demeaning term .
some of the things the characters do in this movie is beyond the bounds of idiocy .
they're not real , sympathetic , or believable .
that is , until sgt .
when paul d ( danny glover ) -- a former slave who escaped kentucky along with sethe -- arrives at the house eight years later and is confronted with the ghost's hellish visions , he doesn't run in terror .
since that installation , dozens of labors , including a heavily-armed military model , have begun to go on berzerk rampages for no apparent reason . . . and the only factor they all had in common was that they were all running under the new hos .
a pal of mine simply said that he loved the film and could hardly wait to take his wife to see it .
chad moves in for the kill , flashing his golden boy smile , plying christine with lunch , then flowers , then dinner .
instead of killing each other right away , they shoot around , just like in sword fights of old .
it is almost as if the characters are somehow psychically linked .
it has the classic bond symbols : a man who can do just about anything and get away with it , a woman whom the man persues , a villain out to achieve something for himself who kills anyone to reach this goal .
the story is full of cliched characters , ( the creepy man who the nice girl has to marry , the poor boy with heart , the stuck-up mother ) and poor dialogue ( the script consists of lots of in-jokes of how the boat won't sink , and most of the dialogue is pretty basic ) it's a shame really , as the audience does have to sit through 3 hours of this film .
the cast is well chosen , although the true bright spots are the supporting roles .
still , we are still captivated by the breathtaking technical detail and burton's keen eye to capture our attention .
a recurring series of flashbacks makes the film seem more complex than it actually is .
and urban legend would certainly not be included amongst those three .
( a friend of mine once came up with a rule of thumb about movie characters : " if no one in the movie behaves like anyone you know , or would * care * to know , just leave ! " )
" don't stray from the path , " rosaleen is told , again and again , and the path is both literal and figurative : the path through the forest and the path of life .
emotionally , he has a lot to learn , but he is not a child .
muresan is kind of fun to watch , but he just can't act very well .
he returns home to his wife and new daughter , and even finds time to rake his yard ( keep that in mind too , it's important as well ) .
last year peter hyams gave us " the relic " ; no thanks necessary there .
and , after seeing this piece of toxic waste , i now know why .
apparently not having joe eszterhas as the writer doesn't change a thing , since body of evidence wasn't written by him , but has a puzzling eszterhas-ish presence all over it .
okay , we get it . . . there
we see his tyrannical behavior through flashbacks .
none of the stereotypes is successful except for walken ; azaria comes off as a preening queen when he's supposed to be macho .
" twilight " wants very much to be a 1940's film noir with alan ladd or dick powell .
the only one who's even remotely interesting is bill murray , and he seems to think he's in comedy , not a thriller ( maybe he's got the right idea ) .
with her adorable disposition , radiant smile , and playful innocence , she could be a meg ryan in the making .
obsessed with finding the proverbial key to the universe , max lives in paranoid , self-imposed solitude in a seedy nyc chinatown apartment , single-mindedly toiling away with his monstrous homemade computer system .
director peter kassovitz , working from jurek becker's novel , crafts some nice scenes between jakob and the other townspeople , and draws solid performances from armin mueller-stahl ( as a once-revered doctor ) and bob balaban ( as a barber drifting into depression ) .
although some of the disorientation eventually is understandable , a great deal of it isn't .
it's as if the special effects people just wanted to show that yes , godzilla can do this , just like in the old movie .
there was also an instance , towards the end of the film , in which one of motss's forced reinventions of the story seems to contradict what he and brean had been selling to the public thus far and could conceivably have given the game away .
( in some scenes , the stark composition in conjunction with the lumbering approach by mr . gullette make his character curiously resemble a latter-day max schreck , from nosferatu . )
every time the farmers attacked the unsuspecting enemy , to see the disbelief on british general cornwallis' ( tom wilkinson ) face was priceless entertainment .
well , i know that stallone is 50 years old now , but in daylight he doesn't look it !
who are we ?
as such , at the end there is a sense that there was something bigger at work here , that there was still more left to be said about this story and these characters .
george clooney stars as jack foley , a nice bank robber . . . you
i saw the film at the toronto international film festival on september 12 , 2001 .
specifically , she's out to protect joe , a giant gorilla who has been her friend since her childhood .
today's films are either blockbusters that entertain us with tiresome formulas , or those that have similar themes .
problems problems problems , where to begin ?
flynt had been taking an excessive amount of pain killers after being paralysed from the waist down ( which was especially upsetting for him ) by an assassin .
jay and silent bob strike back has more and better used cameos than just about any movie that i've ever seen .
scott baio !
but as it is , i only chuckled a few times .
this looks terrific and i was very surprised to hear that the cruise liner in it was . . . . completely
also , there were more than zero scenes where i found myself rooting for the robinsons , or getting caught up in the movie's tension .
by making an epic science fiction and inviting great cast and talented crew , he hopes to reach the modern audience .
surely this film isn't trying to win any major awards , so should i have expected an oscar-caliber film ?
that's not to say that there's not a place for humor in this film .
as he encounters each member of his new family , promising each that he will send a postcard when he arrives at his final destination , he grows a little bit more spiritually and emotionally .
there's no one to restrain his ego , which reigns unchecked .
the audience finds it easy to sympathise with isaacman who somehow puts up with flynt's courtroom antics .
another bad little film with another stupid sex thing going on .
that's reality .
one of the few weak parts of sleepy hollow is the wooden and cliched dialogue between the main characters .
roberts and malkovich are skillful in their roles .
the emphasis of the film is on how the ultra-orthodox jews of that sect live by the letter of the torah in everything they do and how they subjugate the women to accept their vision of god's law from only the male's view .
movie sucks .
hey , i've got a great idea for a movie !
its been rumored that this film may be the second most profitable movie of the year !
in the words of paul mccartney , live and let die .
this also explains why the movie was shot in odd places like morocco and spain .
park and lord milk the incongruity for all it's worth : the characters treat their situation as if it were dead serious , and to them , it is .
also , to those people who need to go to the bathroom during movies . . . don't !
the film's opening 20 minutes segues between hallucination , flashback and real-time with tremendous style .
accompanying these two girls are karla's overbearing boyfriend , tyrell ( mehki phifer ) and a potential beau for julie .
i read the book about five years ago and hugely enjoyed it .
some of the images are so zealously americanized ( the flag is used as a lifesaving weapon for example ) , that independence day seems the only appropriate time of year to wholeheartedly accept it .
here's what the two movies do have in common . . .
even if that really bothers you , let me say that it's not presented in a vulgar , cheap-laugh way .
of the several dozen actors to play azazel , the best is by far elias koteas ( exotica , crash ) , who , despite only being on screen for about ten minutes , gives a fantastically charged performance .
the bug does it's job , the cockroaches all die , and the terror is gone .
he is a permanent stoolie for the treasury agents , as an aggressive young agent named foley ( jordan ) , who likes to be called uncle , gives dillon breathing room to operate some of his low-level crime activities and to work the bar even though he has a prison record , as long as he keeps getting valuable info from him on things happening with the gangs .
peter fonda is an unbelievably underrated actor : he's shy , quiet but always effective .
it shows us how low filmmakers get sometimes just when desperate to make a movie .
the second serial-killer thriller of the month is just awful .
characters make reprise appearances in fine form , and certain events which are intially curious become critically linked to the plot's outcome .
be damned ) .
( see jurrasic park . )
the suspicious scientists turn against each other .
she is to return to high school as a student and explain what's really going on .
she not only has a presence , but knows how to take command of the situation and save her planet from ruination .
the pulls on the patriotic heartstrings would be too much in any other film , but they work here .
check this one out .
one day he stops by the tennis courts and sees what must be an angel to him .
but as more and more people find out about their scheme , more and more people demand a part of their winnings , and more and more problems arise .
otherwise , it's pretty much a sunken ship of a movie .
jules was the rambling , bible-quoting hitman in pulp fiction , and jackson is the only person who could have pulled it off .
sorossy creates a world of violence much more by what we hear than what we see .
through cinque , we are given a window into the native culture , as he and the displaced africans try to explain to the prison guards what they need for a proper burial of a dead tribe member , or find an illustrated version of the bible and try to understand the story of jesus christ .
containing a good cast but awful acting ; an interesting premise but terrible execution , ron shelton ( white men can't jump ) gives us a rocky story with not one rocky but two .
the performances are universally fine , with the actors keeping things low-key and restrained , just like scientists .
it almost made me weep .
the make-up effects by rob bottin ( the howling , the thing , and robocop ) are top notch , not to mention extremely outlandish .
based on the stephen king series of the same title , the film starts out painfully slow , with underdeveloped characters and idiotic dialogue .
people have waited twenty-two years for the prequel to star wars and die-hard fans have been camping out at theaters for months to get tickets to see it .
if you remember bob hope specials with fondness , this might be your cup of tea .
and smoke 'em if you got 'em , folks !
the difficulties with the film spring from the misunderstanding that it somehow adheres to the conventions of a thriller or a police procedural when , in fact , _the caveman's valentine_ is a superhero fable that takes on the cause of the homeless ( again like mcfarlane's spawn ) while attacking the entrenched ruling classes in government and the arts .
turner is the woman caught between the two men .
there is enough violence in the real world involving children without having to make them on-screen victims as well .
it sure ain't character development !
there is absolutely no connection made between the armies of evil and the third reich , and we're not even given a cursory explanation as to why this stuff is inspiring in the first place .
this hyper operating system , hos for short , has very quickly been installed into well over 90% of the nation's labors . . . including the patrol labors of sv2 .
ustinov's character left a video will , and while he's reading the ridiculous clause in it , i thought to myself " what is this , brewster's millions ? " .
later that day , woo is given an opportunity to go out on a blind date with tim , a shy man with a penchant for neatness and order , who just happens to be a virgo .
carly patterns herself after movie stars and tries to become marilyn monroe , bleach-blond and all .
with the young cast , cool clothes , nice hair , and hip soundtrack , it appears that the film is geared towards the teenage mindset .
they gradually become good friends , and spend the summer together doing various things , such as studying insects ( namely locusts , who come out of hiding once every 17 years ) , playing tennis , and listening to a symphony orchestra through a manhole cover .
kaisa gets nosebleeds from snorting coke , sabotages her personal relationships through indifference , and is unable to restrain her quick and vindictive temper .
the story of serendipity is simple .
but enough with the gossip , let's get to the review .
but " switchback " is an undoubtedly weak genre entry , as the material it covers is old and tired , and the filmmakers rarely sustain enough energy to make any of the proceedings interesting .
he steals religious icons from churches to build a chapel in a pup tent in his bedroom .
you'd actually be amazed how far bemusement can go , and there are a few select moments ( not even whole scenes , mind you ) that are as romantic as anything i've seen on film in the 1990's .
john gay's script uses most of the original screenplay by sally benson , alma reville , and thornton wilder .
watching this film was fun , for the most part .
meanwhile , kevin believes that somehow his wish has come true .
there's even a previously unseen cameo by the great french actor jean-hugues anglade - star of queen margot , besson's la femme nikita , and killing zoe .
the absolutely worst sin is the blatant product placement as dr . pepper , with a 20 foot tall logo , saves the day .
expressing his abhorrence towards the rise of nazism in his homeland , lang takes great care in creating a sense of discomfort during the scenes of mob hysteria .
as in empire , billy dee williams gives us another human hero to root for .
he didn't .
this doesn't work .
" forty million , " groeteschele responds wryly .
when flik , a bone fide inventor , creates a time-conserving apparatus that accidentally destroys the season's donation , he puts them all in risk , and is sent away so that he won't screw anything up with the pretense that he is searching for help to fight the grasshoppers .
first they're singing " louie louie " like a bunch of drunk sailors to throw the radar of the other ship off , then thirty minutes later , they're making whale mating noises to throw the radar of the other ship off .
take argento's more recent stendhal syndrome ( 1992 ) , where with the aid of co-writer franco ferrini he fashioned a solid storyline without sacrificing any of his surreal weirdness or visual panache .
their music , as she puts it , is " as much a part of life here as the air you breathe . "
then woody and wesley show up , and of course the other ta cops hate them ( why ? ) , and a pushing match starts , and someone gets decked , and . . . i covered my face .
we also know something about `the force' itself , that it is some kind of universal force which determines fate and can be manipulated by those whose minds are expanded enough to believe in it and feel it ( the jedi ) .
however , most characters seemed like they did not even want to be in this film or at least the script made it seem this way .
the scenes where she interacts with her husband , who she still believes is alive , are heartbreaking .
buy a disney t-shirt !
to get mike out of his funk , his friends persistently convince him to get outside , whether it be to a quickie night trip to a seedy vegas casino or a cutthroat hollywood party with the beautiful people or a 50s swing lounge .
there is a scene where an old man is teaching a young one how to eat the soupy bowl of noodles , as a master would teach an eager apprentice .
this premise certainly is interesting and director and co-screenwriter alex proyas is able to keep the film consistently mysterious in this regard .
until a cgi effect can be made to look like a model effect , stick with using models .
the chemistry between parker posey and josh hamilton is nothing short of amazing .
even the relationship between he and his boss , maxime ( andre dussollier ) is a controlled , and almost manipulated association , highlighted by the fact that stephane permits maxime to win close squash matches .
his wife's sister rachel ( " friends " ' courteney cox ) wants to help seth ; rachel's selfish husband harry ( anthony lapaglia ) , who tends to break a few commandments of his own , thinks seth is a lunatic .
witherspoon is a revelation .
watch stahl spoil numerous pitch meetings with smack-fueled babble !
lucy lives with her current lover , a washed up german actress named greta , played with a frequently indecipherable series of mumbles by patricia clarkson .
john frankenheimer , who made the unforgettable cold war drama the manchurian candidate way back in the early 60's , recently showed critics and fans alike that he still had some magic left in his directorial skills when he created the brilliant car chase scenes in ronin .
while i hope that's true , i don't hold out much hope-horror movie series are even harder to kill than their monsters .
susan granger's review of " ghosts of mars " ( sony pictures entertainment )
this movie begins with a series of clips showing how famous rocky ( sylvester stallone ) has become . . .
taken together , they form a mosaic picture of miami beachwalkers and bistro diners .
in the end , it's a tie -- they all win .
here , it's just " hey , let's chase these people around with some robots " .
while in no way the equal of a masterpiece like drunken master 2 , iron monkey dances quite nicely to the invading kung fu tune .
darryl goes through the experiment in order to help his cash-strapped family , and this " serious " angle seems to come from an entirely different movie .
one minute she hates quaid , the next she loves him , and she never gets this tranisition right .
we're not used to coming this close to people in real life , let alone in the movies -- especially not people who are not made out to be glamorous .
something that he has not yet successfully achieved .
but the final execution is extremely disappointing .
i mean , it's like all of those people who complained about jack nicholson being psycho from the start of the shining , well , the same goes here .
when antoine has to go to sweden for three weeks , he lets deuce use his house to look after an ailing $800 fish .
edward lewis ( richard gere ) is a suave , extremely wealthy business mogul who , at the start of the picture , breaks up with his girlfriend over the phone after a nasty argument , and abruptly takes his friend's car and gets lost on hollywood boulevard while trying to find his hotel .
this brother , mikhail suverov ( played in his few scenes by . . . well ,
i believe that goodman is one of the finest comedic actors in the business today .
toy story used state-of-the-art computer technology and presented a world of toys who would come alive when no humans were present .
an opening prologue in shall we dance ?
rivka's spirited younger sister malka does not want to get married but wants to live a more liberated life .
in a single line they are referred as a bunch of mean people , probably terrorists , who happen to remove parts of arm dealers' stomachs when they are unsatisfied with the quality of merchandise .
do me a favor kids , go get a job or something . . .
calder is a familiar actor in britain , though not frequently seen in the us .
well to a certain extent it does , but who cares by the time the middle of the film arrives we're bored out of our mind and ready for something fun and exciting to happen .
this character is merely a poor man's obi wan kenobi without all the mythological hoopla .
>from the beginning it is evident that this is not an actor's movie .
shepard's performance is followed with great acting by ed harris as clean-cut marine ( and future politician ) john glenn .
the routine in which the bad guy must explain his genius plan to the hero before attempting to kill him with some elaborate machine is getting so tired nowadays , especially when i eagerly want to see the hero dead .
line of the movie : crystal : " when you said you needed family therapy , this is not the family i had in mind ! "
the truman show is one of the most unique films i have ever seen , and it deserves a spot on the " decade's best " list .
we're still here .
the center of the ensuing disaster is bookstore owner helen ( kate capshaw , and by the way , what is it with bookstore owner main characters ?
the final scenes are startling , audacious , and unexpected .
the jigsaw puzzle assembled isn't stunning by any means though .
bruce campbell stars as ash , who eventually becomes the sole survivor and has to battle both the demons from the woods , and his friends who have become demons ( including his own girlfriend ) .
de palma is maddeningly inconsistent .
what makes her so effective and why she should succeed where streep and lee failed is that she doesn't take herself too seriously .
i waited patiently for the film to be released , but it never was .
in one of critics' polls the right stuff was named as one among top 10 films made in 1980s .
the mcalisters , all 15 of them , are going to france for the holidays .
he can say whatever he wants because he's going to be dead anyway .
most of what this film has to offer is in the visuals .
and also , i cannot believe the screenwriters elected to have a sub-plot where tommy lee jones missed his former lover because as an alien agent , they can't have contact with any humans really .
the story takes an bizarre turn with the appearance of beloved ( thandie newton ) , a young black-clad woman who appears on sethe's front lawn , leaned christ-like against a tree stump .
i now know that he has no excuse , and _can_ do better ( if you dont believe me rent a copy of broken arrow from your local video store ) .
in 1995 , a film was introduced to audiences which sparked their imaginations and showed them something they'd never seen before .
the stripping bare , literally and figuratively , of these actors ( who are , after all , playing underage teenagers ) becomes harder to watch over time , as you begin to feel for them and question the motives of the man behind the camera .
there's also a nice soundtrack by veteran composer hans zimmer .
before long , blue bay detectives ray duquette ( kevin bacon ) and gloria perez ( daphne rubin-vega ) are listening to similar allegations from kelly's rebel classmate suzie toller ( neve campbell ) .
there are a couple of scenes where the animation achieves a near 3-d effect , and a number of scenes which feature tarzan moving through the trees are absolutely dizzying .
suspense scenes that are just plain boring .
-- chuck dowling , the jacksonville film journal
don't get me wrong : i'm not excusing knock off .
he is at once seductive and repellent like a beautiful venomous snake .
get carter ( 7/10 ) - heat ( 8/10 ) - honeymoon in vegas ( 9/10 ) - payback ( 8/10 ) - reindeer games ( 5/10 ) -reservoir dogs ( 9/10 ) - way of the gun ( 6/10 )
if they eat tampopo's ramen , soup and all , tampopo knows she has succeeded .
honestly , i like this approach .
i did , however , keep track of some of the swearing .
no matter what i did , the view didn't change : travelling but not getting anywhere .
with some convoluted mumbo-jumbo about dna extraction , sherman extracts the " buddy love " link in his dna and smartly deposits buddy into a handy-dandy lab beaker .
also , after an accident towards the end of the movie , both stuart and the audience learn that there is more to his mother than previously thought .
those two items , wrapped in a guilty-pleasure package , are sure to snare a sizeable box office chunk initially , but sales will decline for two reasons .
the last night of planet earth's existence .
explanation two , which by the end of the film has been beaten into our heads through imagery and dialog and even the title of the movie : " beauty is in the eye of the beholder . "
at times " gordy " is tolerable to watch , thus earning it one star and not the dreaded " z- . "
the makers of the film also cared about telling an intelligent story .
looming over the targets like the spaceships from independence day ( in fact , i'm just going to assume that the producers referenced id4 intentionally ) .
they are nigh-invulnerable , as one comic book put it , and this is of course just the excuse the movie needs to have one native after another stepping forth to solmenly recite lines about the power of nature .
the film takes some interesting chances .
will hutter reach his destination in time to save his fiancee from the deadly clutches of count orlock ?
however , once they catch harriett and put her in jail , and sir roger daley takes complete charge , it seems that there is no hope for dick turpin .
she can't concentrate on her schoolwork , can't get a good night's sleep , and is even frightened by the shadows and the blinking strobe lights at a local dance club .
he just doesn't " understand " shakespeare , you will hear them say .
the only people who hate each other more than lovers are married couples .
* * * * * perfection .
the script explores its psycho-sexual themes with intelligence and candour , perhaps too much so for more sensitive viewers .
happy gilmore as a father ?
the entire climax of the film hinges on when and how grace is going to tell bob that she actually was the recipient of his wife's heart .
supposedly , there's going to be a scream 3 , but , if the film makers don't come up with something radical , we could end up with a classic case of sequel overkill .
everyone member of the family is a large person who wipes the bins clean at a local buffet restaurant like pigs at a trough .
a kidnapping plot unfurls again as cruella decides she still needs her dalmatian coat , but she now needs 102 dalmatians instead of the commonly used 101 dalmatian formula .
i was going to see ram shrasta on the big screen last night , but before that i stopped into my video store to rent some movies .
and the jerk , played in full-force by graves , is just as despicable as any villain in any romantic comedy i've ever seen .
that's parillaud's character talking . . .
yeah , it's a decent two minutes of film erotica , but even if that's your main interest in this film , there's plenty of cheeziness to sit thru in exchange for those two minutes .
several twists turn in the storyline , and eventually jude and sue do do some nasty business ( an interesting scene , to say the least . . . ) , and are soon born into a controversial non-wedlock , as she eventually gives birth to their baby , and jude inherits his son from arabella , who turns up again after awhile .
meanwhile , steven waddington has serious trouble summoning up the menace necessary to be a really detestable bad guy .
however , these lapses are minimal , and johnson quickly steers the movie back on course .
he played miles on the tv show murphy brown .
it is quite possible for a movie to frighten or shock its audience without resorting to nothing more than gore , but event horizon takes the low road , and the viewers pay the price .
the supporting cast exhibits more color and playfulness than many .
along for the ride are richard e . grant as their manager , clifford , and various other characters making quick cameo appearances ( including teriffic british actors like richard briers and stephen fry ) .
so what saves , " party camp , " from the dreaded zero star rating ?
he keeps the pacing in this not-quite-thriller snapping along .
hanks , david morse and barry pepper as guards are wonderful and are fitting for their roles .
sure , the plot's implausible but it's a good-natured fantasy so allowances should be made .
i assume that american censors feel that defining character development is too much for american audiences to handle .
he often speaks as he is out of breath , showing a definite affinity for his way of life .
kline is admirable , but he has little to do but invent silly devices on the spot .
if the goal of the babysitter was to be dramatic , then , once again , it fails .
the film never picks up enough to become a thrilling experience , or even an entertaining one .
the dark side of such sleeper success is that , because expectations were so low going in , the fact that this was quality stuff made the reviews even more enthusiastic than they have any right to be .
this is very important as the story picks up exactly were aliens left off .
the film's salvation lies in the acting strength of everyone involved and the powerful presence of hounsou .
the plot is old hat .
branagh attempts to help us out with some of the intricacies by visually representing some of the more elusive stretches of dialogue by presenting them as flashback-type images .
luckily a bioport can be installed easily ( they install them in malls ) , so off they go to get one .
dietl and his partner duke try to solve a case that they have been warned to stay away from .
no more monkey puns , i promise .
old soldiers never die , they just turn into cliches
( unless the woman in question is a spice girl . )
plot : professor/archeologist indiana jones sets out to find the long-lost mystical ark of the covenant before the nazis get their grubby fingers hands on it .
at best , that's all it was -- a sleeper hit , designed to surprise but not shake the industry .
plot : a seven-foot death row inmate is discovered to have secret healing powers .
it is rated pg for comic violence and would be acceptable for all ages .
also outstanding is tucker as beau , who has a terrific character arc and pas de deux with his mother .
one daughter says , " he's blind and she's crazy . "
there are some worthwhile moments , such as a silly sword fight between jacques and the topless goddess and an entertaining discussion in both french and english about the differences between the two languages ( although the fine points will certainly be lost on those who aren't bilingual ) .
" good vibrations " ?
she soon divorces the beleaguered alec and marries the soon-to-become-beleaguered vanni .
dramatically , the ending is quite powerful , and the use of o'herlihy's character as the symbolic " matador " ( providing a bookend to the film by ending the story while tying into his dream sequence from the film's opening ) , is particularly appropriate .
unfortunately the atrocious screenplay and boring direction by " clueless " auteur amy heckerling successfully manages to screw up everything about the film .
how about explaining every other plot point in your film that made no sense ?
he displays his gift by psychically ordering a pet ferret to crawl up his mother's leg .
during their trip across the stormy sea , their boat suffers an incident and requires repairs .
however , i think it symbolized more ; i think it meant that rose had died , and is going to a sort of heaven , which would be the happiest part of her life : her and her one true love , jack .
titanic is so close to being the perfect movie it's upsetting that it isn't .
for reasons that are never clearly explained , it appears that john possesses telekinetic powers to can do pretty much whatever his mind can conceive ( a process known as `tuning' ) .
paul johnson ( michael york ) is an alien posing as an eccentric millionaire who , though needing to kill people to live , is visiting earth for far from selfish reasons .
after a baby-sitter gets gutted in the suit- ably spooky someone's-in-the-house prologue , parallel stories unfold , the first involving a texas sheriff ( r . lee emery ) , a gruesome double murder , and the arrival of a morose fbi agent ( dennis quaid ) on the eve of voting for the local lawman's reelection .
hey guys - quick note - keep this movie off of your resumes .
as the assault begins , our group of troopers are seen walking in a straight line through a box canyon .
but this fast-paced , razor-sharp turning of events doesn't leave much time to enjoy the surprises .
it's counterbalanced by an extremely feeble attempt at humor by having an asian american repeatedly failing a driver's test .
if you've glanced at a poster for this movie , you know that , supposedly , what follows is " infinite terror . "
part of what made the " wallace " films brilliantly entertaining was park's uncanny ability to make an old story seem new .
as in such top-notch family fare as " a bug's life " or " toy story 2 , " " chicken run " has something to offer in nearly every frame .
journalism students should dream of making connections like these .
maybe the novel was a stinker to start with , but whatever the case , it's the writing that's clearly at fault here .
i hope rushmore can overcome its' oscar snubs , and be enjoyed by intelligent film goers .
i'm all for trying new things within the realm of film , but not at the expense of coherence .
she hates that , and reminds us of that fact way too many times .
everyone , including the principal , a former teacher , all the candidates , and even paul's girlfriend are two sided characters .
still , it's entertaining right up to the end ; certainly barrymore's incredibly hammy performance ( which , nonetheless , works , perhaps due to the silent screen ) is a must for anyone who is fed up with the actions of the falwells , bakkers , and robertses of the religious worlds .
carly openly flirts with the co . hank tries to deal with the situation , but his only resort is to carry her off and throw her into a nearby pool .
in fact , the humphrey bogart and peter lorre characters make appearances ( played by julia in a dual role and louis negin , respectively ) in a bar called " the place " .
after finally viewing the film for myself after avoiding it for some time , it became clear that it is not , as the headlines proclaimed , a " holocaust comedy " ; on the contrary , life is beautiful does not even really depict the graphic events that took place in nazi deathcamps .
and seeing beatty as a 'homeboy' has to be seen to be believed .
all the flaws of the actual story are only helped along by the special effects .
of course , since schaech's character is poorly-developed and badly acted , it's impossible to say how he feels about being in that situation .
all of these disappointing ingredients create a film that , for much of its running time , is simply mediocre .
as professionally made as the movie is , you have to wonder who they thought would come piling into the theater to see this .
but the acting doesn't help either .
for all their cribbing from kubrick , spielberg , james cameron , and even ron howard , the makers of this film haven't learned to do something all those directors did very well : show and don't tell .
it didn't work for me .
anything to avoid this painful movie .
emily starts investigation and soon realises that the case involves murder .
you have to hear it to understand .
be forewarned .
( one of my small gripes is that we never see what the spin doctors on the other side are doing . )
and it's nice to see robin williams just act for a change .
john travolta , whose role is nothing more than a cameo , seems not to have attacked his performance with that much verve .
" what kind of country is this , where laws 'almost' work ? " he asks baldwin in bewilderment , when he learns that the case must be re-tried before the supreme court .
this promising story of an ordinary person doing the extraordinary is burdened from the outset by casting : the " ordinary person " in question , jakob heym , is played by robin williams .
bassett and spader say every line in the same monotone voice with the same blank expressions on their faces .
as a series , " mr . bean " only ran for about 13 episodes or so .
this portion of the film is where the " sense of closure " could have been successfully accomplished .
how ironic , as travolta seems to be describing his latest venture .
the trailer for this movie was really decieving making people think that this was a special effects laden movie .
there were only two characters i liked , and of course one was lt . ripley ( sigourney weaver ) , although we have gotten to know her through two other films .
the actors : gloria swanson , raoul walsh ( who also directed and wrote the screenplay ) and especially lionel barrymore , as the hypocritical reformer who supposedly wants to save sadie's soul , but really wants to get her between the sheets , is the absolute epitome of sanctimonious scoundrel .
he's back behind the camera for the first time in 11 years .
there's more fun , i think , in showing ignorable people getting their just desserts .
8mm has the problem of not wanting to shock too much , and apart from a few moments , most of the action in the film is nothing you haven't seen from another standard thriller .
this irritation he creates makes his performance so believable .
jackie-o tries in many ways , few subtle , to show that she is a better match for marty than that ditzy fiancee of his .
and the politics of the time seem a bit conservative and regressive for a futuristic movie .
it's bimbo !
the bogus revelation proves explosive , leading to meetings in washington d . c . over how to best protect the vital waterway .
couple that with the fact that several of the characters , most notably the lead character sidney prescott ( neve campbell ) , are fairly well-developed and that there are some genuine moments of spine-chilling suspense , and what we have is a pretty darned good horror movie in its own right .
peck's direction is less assured , with many scenes unfortunately playing like standard television fare .
he is a crazy scottish guy .
but as for men in black , the only scene i still recall is when will smith is squishing all those giant roaches .
even though the genre has seen movies that have a lack for quality such as this , they've been saved by an energetic approach .
count almasy begins to remember what happened to him as it is explained by a stranger ( willem dafoe , basquiat ) .
all is not lost if a movie turns out to be hollow ; it can be a saving grace for the film to be enjoyable .
of the adults in the film , chris cooper is the most fully realized character .
on the upside , natasha henstridge is in this film , and she does what she did best in species -- she gets naked .
among the mayhem , she must also deal with her soon-to-be ex-husband , roger ( brian benben ) who desperately wants her back .
the magic of this film lies in its unorthodox setting and methodical build-up that makes it wonderfully horrifying .
apparently there were two islands with dinosaurs on .
unfortunately , einstein shares a psychic link with a bigfoot-sized ape-creature trained by the blond scientist to be an unstoppable killing machine , and this rogaine-nightmare is loose and after the dog and the girl .
and on it goes .
her campaign is straightforward : people only run to put it on their college applications , then they do nothing .
a male friend who loved the film suggested to me that perhaps i cannot relate to a bunch of men who don't bare their souls , who believe in dying macho concepts like heroism and a kind of chest-beating bravery .
seagal plays jack taggert , an aikido-versed , fighting machine , who is an agent with the epa .
let's count the mistakes he makes in his first attempt at screenwriting :
warner bros . , in an attempt to get their own men in black style of movie , had managed to lasso in some big names ( actor will smith and director barry sonnenfeld , the duo behind mib's success ) in order to get their own fourth of july blockbuster , a contemporary big-screen update to the classic western/sci-fi series the wild wild west starring robert conrad .
it's a shame then really , that spielberg has lowered himself into making what essentially is a blatant cash in , which adds practically nothing to the far superior jurrasic park .
her boss will only give her the job if she gets married and gets a mortgage and gets a lease on a german sportscar , and kevin bacon pnly sleeps with married or involved girls .
matrix was an entertaining thrill ride through dreams and reality , combining the best of hollywood's action and effects with an intelligent story .
in " robocop " and " total recall , " verhoeven displayed a gift for creating an entertaining mix of violence , special effects and social satire , and " starship troopers " starts off in similar fashion , with a tongue-in-cheek futuristic military recruitment ad that shows promise .
the film has been directed in the style of some strange film experiment gone horribly wrong .
having died and journeyed to hell , he made a pact to return to earth to be with wanda .
the variety of music , as well as the beautifully shot performances , are easy to become immersed in .
what a great film .
marrow's secretly gathering data on their respective paranoid responses to his recount of hill house's bleak history .
carry on at your convenience is all about the goings-on in the factory of a toilet manufacturer , wc boggs ( kenneth williams ) .
sweeping distant shots depicting hordes of giant bugs racing to attack are both impressive and scary , but the close-ups are a different matter .
tactics tend to work , but they are also what got him into this situation to begin with .
this film has absolutely nothing to recommend it , with the exception of a couple of nice shots of snow-covered fields and a quick glimpse of gwyneth paltrow's bare buttocks .
they are to work together , under mother's orders ( mother is played by jolly jim broadbent , while his co-conspirator , father , is played by the equally-talented fiona shaw ) .
she is even more surprised when the woman awakes and does not herself know who she is .
based on a true story , the film is almost a documentary in that it's a very vivid and detailed look at larry flynt's life .
so leary orders garofalo to go to ireland and dig up some relatives to exploit .
soon a tragic lovers' triangle develops : christine loves chad , chad loves himself , and howard loves christine on the grounds that , since she's handicapped and shy , she just might be wretched and lonely enough to settle for him .
i suppose there's always one turkey of the summer season ; a highly anticipated , big-budget release that manages to completely disappoint .
linda fiorentino disappeared off the radar after a deservedly heralded turn in the cable pic the last seduction , and her being cast as dogma's lead is nothing short of inexplicable .
carpenter uses so many flashbacks to tell the " night of the living dead " -like story that the idiotic plot gets incomprehensibly confusing .
based on the entertaining success that is star trek : first contact , i'd say the studio has nothing to worry about ( at least not until this cast retires and the crew of the wan star trek : deep space nine takes over . . . ) .
in light of the impending sequel , which apparently plays fast and loose with the ending of this movie , i will not talk about the ending -- except to say that they found a remarkably good ending for such a drab movie .
i know that " funnest " isn't a word .
scenes do not connect to each other and it often seems to be attempting some sort of surrealism , but this is handled so poorly that everything comes off random and stupid instead .
sometimes they just move too fast to see .
strangely , the release he finds while sobbing on bob's breasts allows him to sleep at night , at least until a fellow group-therapy " tourist " named marla singer ( carter ) comes along to ruin things for him , forcing a grudging compromise that recalls monty python in its dark hilarity .
julie , you'll recall , was one of the sole survivors at the end of 1997's surprise hit " i know what you did last summer , " after a slasher with a grudge to bear - it's a _long_ story - began trying to pick off her , her buddies and various others in their coastal carolina village .
the film charts elizabeth's tumultuous struggle to gain true power over her kingdom .
mortensen agrees , but the murder goes awry , and the twists keep on coming as the film progresses .
critique : this movie just didn't scare me one bit .
time passes .
wild wild west is such a movie , and will probably go down as one of the biggest disappointments of 1999 .
it's not love at first sight , however .
they say things that only relate to the conflict , but they never really interact ( unless it's the cartoony flirting scenes between arrogant major don west ( leblanc ) and uptight , unemotional judy robinson ( graham ) ) .
the highlight of the movie would have to be the eminently amusing clarence williams the iii as the arrogant , leering " king of jazz " who challenges 1900 to the aforementioned piano duel .
does that mean you shouldn't take kids to see it ?
comments : stalked is yet another in a seemingly endless string of spurned-psychos-getting-their-revenge type movies which are a stable category in the 1990s film industry , both theatrical and direct-to-video .
one stormy night , the tragedy occurs and jack is accused of rape and murder .
it's minor verhoeven--and even that's not saying much--and boy is it hollow .
but right in the middle of the film , they throw in a completely un-related plot point .
sure the headless horseman is an intriguing character , but the story has so many holes that even he nor depp can save this disaster .
in fact they are the next door neighbors .
now the wachowskis are headed into horror films with their next project .
and michael keaton .
( further enhancing the picture's wacky intellectual mood is the playful score by alloy orchestra founder caleb sampson . )
let's get one thing straight : dr . theo caulder is the most blatantly incompetent psychiatrist i have ever seen , on screen or off .
they'll never catch me in a car chase .
and it goes downhill from there !
instead ?
young yee jee tso shows promise as chang lee , and i've seen him in other stuff in which he usually plays the punk kid who dies at the end ( this film included ) , which , imho , wastes his talent .
i had always figured the alien series to rely on smart dialogue instead of moronic profanities .
" knock off " is exactly that : a cheap knock off of an action movie .
it's just fortunate that both sides were finally able to come to their senses and slow down , rather than continuing groeteschele's dangerous approach of speeding up and causing a possible meltdown .
since birth , he's been living in the fictional island town of seahaven , fla . , which actually exists as a giant domed set just beyond the hollywood sign .
it's all part of some type of ransom scheme , but all i remember is--and i kid you not--graphics on a cia computer screen showing a map of the world , bombs detonating , and an hat-wearing figure on the other side of the world bursting out into laughter . . .
a late rip-off of the " meatballs " series , the film follows a group of young camp counselors at camp chipmunk .
star wars is an amazing epic .
comedian dennis miller is completely wasted here ( he's not given lines that are suitable for his persona ) and doesn't even appear all that much .
rated r for sci-fi violence .
" star trek : insurrection , " is perhaps the weakest film in the " star trek , " series , although i have not seen what is widely considered the worst , " star trek v : the final frontier . "
rameses and moses squabble like children and then , in the interests of peace , moses saves rameses' butt , even though moses was the one who started it . . .
do yourself a favor and see this film in a theater with a good sound system , because the music will come through astonishingly well and really enhance the movie .
this movie's storyline is basically a comic rip-off of that plot with the poor man's wayne and garth thrown in .
ssbas is ultimately about thirsting for freedom -- and it looks like we could use a little more of that in our movie diet , god knows .
and an avaricious east coast railroad baron , thaddeus rains ( harris yulin ) , is forcing farmers to sell their land at less than true value , aided by allan pinkerton ( timothy dalton ) and his infamous detectives who , back then , were just thugs who provided security .
designed in 1997 by two college roommates -- joseph parks , a 27 year old goldman sachs banker , and yong kang - kozmo flamed out in three short years , raising more than $280 million in venture capital funding and from partnerships with such bigwigs as starbucks and amazon . com .
the eldest son , christian ( ulrich thomsen , looking a bit like a young malcolm mcdowell ) , is the first to be seen in the film , walking to his father's home .
three of them spend years as best friends and associates , gathering enormous wealth from their criminal enterprises that would culminate with one of the most spectacular robberies in american history .
the purpose of the bugs , other than to annihilate our heroes , is never established .
big-budget slasher film .
but it's not boring : it's loud and excessive and completely incoherent .
the bulk of those scenes , which bookend the movie , work extremely well as establishment and closure devices for all of the story's characters .
stuart little is a mouse .
michelle trachtenberg was an excellent choice for the penny character .
we have seen films with plotting very much like this , but the indian setting makes a great deal of difference .
it's an efficient , effective set-up for the character , who is clearly nobody's idea of a hero at the outset .
not only are there many , many more ships , but their speed and range of movement have been dramatically improved .
the print is rough in spots and the sound is only in mono , but fans of the film won't care .
i'm not sure which is the better movie , but i did leave the theater convinced of one thing : sequels , however much randy might argue , do not necessarily suck .
the power source travels directly to earth and lands in the bowl of dip belonging to a minor-league witch named selena ( faye dunaway ) who , immediately before her dip was ruined , announced her desires to rule the world to her sometimes warlock boyfriend nigel ( peter cook ) .
the characters lack the stature or moral complexity of altman's real-life heroes in short cuts , even though they are interesting and funny .
no naked teri hatcher .
likewise , the companionability of damon and affleck is apparent in the easygoing nature of will and chuckie's friendship .
she doesn't fall in love with him naturally , the film forces her to fall in love with him .
at least burton's films are eye candy , even if they are trash .
also , it seems that we're supposed to be familiar with a few other details about the story which have come out of the thousands of comic books and paperbacks published in the years since the movies ended .
as our story opens , the movie pretentiously informs us that of the tens of thousands of firefighters only 400 are " smokejumpers . "
( nary a mention of these apocalyptic events is made after they occur . )
this film is , in my estimation , the cinematic equivalent of a tri-pronged u-bar .
is this problem the kisses to the past ?
it's a terrible mess of a movie starring a terrible mess of a man , mr . hugh grant , a huge dork .
here , in 8mm , he's boring , uninteresting and has a dull monotonous voice .
at least there you don't have to pay to see her cleavage .
in those moments , and in others , iron monkey manages to transcend its mindless kung fu nature to touch the hearts and minds of its audience .
more ! ' "
this method is highly effective , as we see the characters changing from year to year , slowly growing apart .
the script , reminiscent of a david mamet play , flows smoothly with its fast paced intelligence and mesmerizing set of bizarre characters .
it's choppy slow-motion which is unsettling and distracting .
except for a few scenes that are vaguely reminiscent of speed this goes along the lines of the desaster movies of the 70ies .
the question is , can a person who doesn't believe in god truly be the best representative of earth when 90% of the planet * does * believe in a higher power ?
after all , nobody gets killed and there are no explosions .
the real star here are stan winston's robot design , some schnazzy cgi , and the occasional good gore shot , like picking into someone's brain .
for a film that's only 78 minutes long , that's too large of a chunk , especially when previous acts are much more stimulating .
the screenwriter ( ed neumeier -- perhaps a better appelation would be " screen typist " ) and director ( the increasingly talent-impaired paul verhoeven ) have not found any way to make the characters or the story serve each other .
he could make fun of the fat , ugly , or embarrassing people he meets at weddings , and the story would be intact .
just think about it : two single parents , with their cute kids , are thrown together due to a missed field trip .
get it ?
i could write volumes about the things that are wrong with this picture , but here are the high points :
surprisingly , he turns the tables on the jocks with some clowning around , but he takes it too far , and is embarassed in front of the entire school .
the circle of friends and relatives around bob and grace is constantly playing matchmaker , and they generate the only laughs in the movie .
he drags down slightly one of the funniest chapters , but the talent around him in that particular tale more than makes up for it .
deniro enlists hollywood producer dustin hoffman to produce a " pageant " , a phony war against albania , fought on the blue screens of hollywood and the recording studios of nashville , with woody harrelson as the reluctant , psychotic hero .
the storytelling is rich and complete , and although there are moments in the film that feel quite pretentious ( and at times , even hokey ) , it's easily one of the best 1997 films , and one of the best sci-fi films i've ever seen .
we can forgive morgan freeman for giving a slightly disappointing performance since he is newish to the action genre , but christian slater could have achieved so much more had the amount of crummy one liners been reduced and some personality added to his character .
offender .
surrounded by a superb supporting cast , in-cluding paul sorvino ( goodfellas ) , brian dennehy ( tommy boy ) , pete poslethwaite ( the usual sus-pects ) and john leguizamo ( executive decision ) , decaprio and danes shine throughout the film .
in the paradise of big eden , what you are doesn't matter as much as generosity of spirit , respect and kindness .
the only possible reason is to create merchandising opportunities so that kids can badger their parents into taking them to mcdonalds for the toys .
the director of wild things is john mcnaughton , whose last effort was the finely-tuned psychological thriller , normal life .
but jon voight , as i mentioned before , is the perfect choice for michel .
want an example of how cool this kid can be ?
" twilight " wants to be character-driven like " nobody's fool " ( also directed by benton , also starring newman , based on a novel by russo ) was , but the tired script gives the actors too little to work with .
sometimes both .
while the tension dissipates one character starts singing a song and in each plotline the major characters sing along , even though they are not in the same scene .
an adult adopted son is looking for his biological parents and encounters eccentric characters along the way .
you're all familiar with the plot ; a bunch of overly horny teenagers get systematically slaughtered by a masked maniac who's identity is not revealed until the closing moments of the film when it turns out to be , you guessed it ; everybody's favorite veteran of the whodunit flicks . . . the
the first hour and a half or so of titanic tells the story of how rose dewitt ( kate winslet ) and jack dawson fall in love .
in a panic they have difficulty in locating her before they are engulfed in flames .
the acting is not too bad except the characters are all so thin .
i'm talking about films like " 8mm " and its director , joel schumacher .
and not only was the idea of a vampire frightening as hell , but it also carried with it a kind of sensual feeling as well , not commonly associated with horror films .
the only interesting character in the movie is played by jeff goldblum , who should have hid himself away somewhere after the dreadful hideaway , as an artist with a fear of ( and simultaneous longing for ) commitment .
the message : a bunch of losers with loser names , mark renton ( ewan mcgregor ) , spud ( ewan bremner ) , sick boy ( jonny lee miller ) , tommy ( kevin mckidd ) , and begbie ( robert carlyle ) .
the opening credit sequence is also inventive and amusing .
six steel workers who have been recently been laid off and are all looking for jobs .
the movie is somewhat redeemed by some funny dialog -- often during heated arguments -- and by above-average performances by midler and farina ( breaking out of his character-actor mold ) .
( none of the alan menken/david zippel tunes are particular- ly noteworthy .
san francisco cop frank connor ( garcia ) is a single parent with a troubling dilemma -- his son matt ( joseph cross ) is stricken with cancer which only a bone marrow transplant can push into remission .
the daqughter doesn't even like the used gold mercedes mother buys to drive to lala land in and can't stand the beach boys records mom enjoys hearing on the car radio .
between executive decision and this , all of seagal's best roles have been cameos .
in all fairness to frankenheimer , however , i should note that most of dead-bang's shortcomings seem to stem from its shabby script rather than from the direction .
" a " .
kids will no doubt go ga-ga over " mulan " ( or at least the fast food tie-ins ) , but familiarity can , after a while , leave grown-ups--this reviewer included--wishing for a little more .
there exists a litany of differences between a successful action movie and a successful suspense movie .
vinny and dionna have marital problems because vinny cheats and dionna tries to please him , make him stay faithful to her .
this bodes horribly for each dramatic development , like the surfacing of a suspicious nasa official ( " speed " 's joe morton ) to instigate jill's slow and stupid comprehension of the truth .
as a result , alien 3's only flaw ( albeit a major one ) is the underdeveloped characters .
although it wouldn't surprise me if he did .
most asian action films carry the bulk of their production with 20- to 30-minute action sequences , because they know the scenes have to carry the picture .
it is an extraordinarily ordinary romance - a dull , unattractive teen comedy that sticks to the boring game plan that we're accustomed to .
wooden just doesn't describe this guys performance , but it'll have to do .
both make us believe they are happily in love and married and jonathan lipnicki as their song is even more adorable than he was in 1996's " jerry maguire " .
people are fed up with stupid films .
i don't really feel there are to be any real " rules " for cinema ; a film can do anything , as long as it makes it work .
he seems to really enjoy the people at weddings and treats them as though they were his own family .
( well , she's not a widow , and the kid isn't her daughter , but you get the idea . )
back in london gang boss teddy bass ( ian mcshane , tv's lovejoy ) is planning to break into a safety deposit room in a bank and he wants gal .
in the year 2176 , there are 640 , 000 earthlings on mars , living in a matriarchal society led by a commander , played by pam grier .
you can guess which one she falls for .
however , none of them have that little extra oomph which would make them memorable .
well , that depends on whom you trust more : me or eddie murphy .
he has that confidence that will someday make him into a bankable leading man .
everyone even moderately interested in the " scream " series was dying to know how it would end .
brooke ( d'abo ) needs to be ditzy , however , for the plot to proceed .
in this case , the showdown is against the ramen .
taking pity on her , l ? on hides her in his apartment when she returns to save her life .
typical of the mental illness , she also is promiscuous and foul-tempered .
sadly , the songs are tacked after the credits- kind of defeats the purpose .
her aunt owns the apartment and the two women meet .
meanwhile , the newlywed keith ends up consoling dan's wife rowena ( gail o'grady ) in bed .
you know i am . "
close your eyes for a moment , if you will , and imagine the sound of stephen rea's gaelic brogue , silky smooth and irish like a pint of guinness .
it's ambitious to make it on a subject that has saturated cable , television , and movies .
it is true that analyze this has had a somewhat chequered production history , and perhaps the plot points were expanded in a earlier version of the script .
did i mention " double team " is strange ?
but with all films of this type , there is bound to be some stuff that simply doesn't work .
material that could have been enjoyable is rendered totally ridiculous by poor handling on the part of the director .
we follow the wrong character , and we learn of the answer to the mystery too early on , and way before rick can find it out .
the chase scene between the alien ship and will smith is straight out of " star wars . "
bump old man ferguson's boil lancing to tuesday morning , and tell miss audrey that i'll swing by her house monday evening and see if we can't get her trick knee back in line . "
i'd never seen supergirl before i sat down to watch this dvd .
and the dialogue in the second half of the film is by and large not quite as interesting as that in the first half ; a jfk buff , for example , seems like a pale imitation of the previous conspiracy theorist , and many of the characters just generally aren't as weird or unique .
one bureaucrat responds to a tirade from stretch with the question , " do you expect the world to stop . . . just
if he doesn=92t watch out , mel gibson is in danger of being known as someone other than mad max .
although they don't know what they're looking for , their inquisitiveness causes the bad guys to take some action .
undaunted , allie managed to gather a loyal group of `believers' and eventually found funding from a large private corporation .
although emmerich obviously wanted to make a fun action picture , what good is it to sink millions into a cgi creature whose ferocity is undermined by the humans he threatens ?
richard e . grant has the largest secondary part , a thankless role of the band's manager , clifford .
and much of what's going on is just wacky .
if signs & wonders sometimes feels overloaded with ideas , at least it's willing to stretch beyond what we've come to expect from traditional drama .
don't miss it .
magoo being a prime example .
in addition , we had two amiable leads in the form of jeff daniels and joely richardson , and lots and lots of adorable spotted puppies .
so , basically , what you have is this .
this is how you write a love story - take note , hollywood .
i've read that studio 54 has been recreated down to the last detail .
the characters we do suspect are all undeveloped , so that by the end we don't even care who the killer is .
after watching the soviet satellite sputnik shoot across the october sky in 1957 , homer feels a connection with the outside world -- as he puts it , " anyone in the world could look up and see the same thing i did . "
but earlier when we see welles being hired for the case he's told that he was hired because he comes highly recommended .
personally , i'm hoping americans everywhere will rise to the occasion and make young einstein a box office bomb .
and so , instead of depth and chills , verhoven inserts some of his trademarks : stupid dialogue , and lot's of dull action with blood and naked bodies .
spielberg gives us a visually spicy and historically accurate real life story .
it's the oliver stone you've always known .
the jokes were not funny for a number of reasons .
sadly but truly again like most recent films , all the good parts are in the trailers .
allegedly planned as a grim , downbeat drama until garry marshall came on board as director , " pretty woman " has been transformed in all senses of the word into a classic fairy tale , a la " cinderella . "
the emphasis during the constant action seemed to be on the accompanying music , ( i could have sworn one piece was ripped out of a bruckheimer movie ) and not on the content .
as a black detective conducting an investigation in a southern town full of violent white bigots , no matter how innocent tibbs is , he is still seen by these bigots as a threat simply because of the color of his skin .
dalloway ) as carrey's true " forbidden love " , sylvia , very effective in another pivotal small role .
still , if you like martial arts films , or like what you've seen so far of jackie chan and want to see more , give it a shot .
to be fair , the movie does contain a few good scenes - all of which you can see in the trailers .
he's over the top , but in a way we can all probably relate to .
does the film feature more gunplay , martial arts and over-the-top kills that most recent action flicks ?
the light streams through each frame as in any painting from the period and beautifully captures the realistic light sources that would have been found in churches , cellars and castles in 16th century europe .
in my mid-teen years , i had a horrendous re-occurring nightmare .
there's no uniqueness or modulation to her or explanation for her meanness .
but the only indication the audience gets that this kid isn't all hearts and roses is yoda's hesitation in allowing him to train as a jedi under qui-gon jinn .
and drag it out they do ! !
there's also a nice array of actors , even though none of them do any acting ( except for donald sutherland , who does a lot of very bad acting ) .
and there are ways in which it does .
it is not clear that geographic conditions are right for los angeles to have this sort of phenomenon .
made in 1972 , it still features most of the regulars of this genre .
there are some great sweeping shots of the titanic , and some clever fades between the flashback titanic and the ruined titanic .
a david wilcock review ? 1999
he has been married for ten years and his wife has not been able to give him a child .
after talking the talk , they walk the walk , strutting like the cool swingers they aspire to be , always to laughable effect .
brian de palma , the director who bought us carrie , dressed to kill and mission : impossible is back , and has bought all his technical expertise with him .
needless to say , the filmmaker was frustrated .
soon , his character has to negotiate not only with roman , but also with the swat commander ( david morse ) who is itching to send in a team to take roman out , all the while keeping wary of the fbi agents who are waiting to take over the operation , should negotiations fail .
only a quick cameo from norm macdonald ( and a follow up joke during the closing credits ) generates any chuckles .
the disney studios has its formula for annual , full-length animated features down so pat that it's hard to remember which one you're watching at any given moment .
kimble and gerard are equally matched as there is no way to tell how one is going to outsmart the other .
even in dick tracy , he was the most straighten face actor .
for those who are put off by the " art " label this film can be confidently recommended as engrossing entertainment at the levels of adventure , action and romance .
the difference in this case is that while my colleague ( an otherwise assuredly realistic individual ) truly believes in this in and of itself as a valid forecaster , pi uses this ideology as a device with which to investigate its character's psychosis .
young dennis quaid is more than fine as arrogant fighter jock gordo cooper , and this arrogance is mirrored in his friend and most tragic figure of virgil grissom , superbly played by fred ward .
kudos to screenwriters james schamus , wang hui ling and tsai kuo jing , choreographer yuen wo-ping , photography director peter pau and music director tan dun , each of which contribute quality components to this extraordinary film .
the movie's only letdown comes at the very end where burton tries to outshock the finale from the 1968 original .
" in the heat of the night " shows the difference between the north and the south or a major city and a small town in the united states during the 1960's .
here it's a co-conspirator .
the characters' inevitable romance doesn't feel contrived , but sweet .
of course , it's impossible to really take this stuff seriously , but then again you're not really supposed to - braddock knows the audience is in on the joke , and makes it a fun little romp as a result .
kevin is the only one with a steady girlfriend , but doesn't want to have sex until the time is just right .
but by showing how the boy is so terrified of his strict father that he wets his pants in his presence , refuses to speak because of his stern dad , and eventually becomes the victim of a tragic accident , the film thereby exploits the boy's sufferings and his story just becomes tiresome and not sincerely done .
his tam see is a triad boss who knows that his time is coming to an end but still has the cunning and craft to uphold his pride .
and that is exactly what this film is ; art .
co-writer john hughes used to direct light-weight but thoughtful teen films .
since then , she has made an appearance in each one of rodriguez's films .
a pseudo-intellectual film about the pseudo-intellectual world of art magazines , high art is as wasted as its drug-addled protagonists .
yeah , that's what i said .
claire danes and omar epps deliver their lines as if they are bored , which really transfers onto the audience .
and just when you think it's finally over , schumacher tags on a ridiculous self-righteous finale that drags the whole unpleasant experience down even further .
the closest , that i have seen anyway , was 2001 : a space odyssey , which made mankind an alien race themselves , being dwarfed by the technology which they created .
this central device is the fact that a nine-year-old boy is autistic .
for example , the film tells a few substories ( such as the tale of a woeful absinthe bender , or an alternative telling of how van gogh lost his ear ) , but they are so flat and so plastic that they come off as prefabricated and unbelievable .
the thirties are different -- colorful , beautiful , elegant , virile .
watching connery and fishburne bump heads for two hours is amusing enough , but the plot's a joke .
approach this with an open mind , and you will reap the benefits hugely .
it seems that there is a man out there controlling the weather .
and i dare you to get his " monkey " photo shoot out of your head after seeing this movie ( " you're a monkey , derek . . . a
they also just might be the most interesting element of armageddon , a steroid user's answer to deep impact .
it's not .
this leaves about 75 cents to pay for things like directors ( chan directs ) , scripts and dubbing and supporting characters , not to mention the hideous title sequence .
they kids then go out and cuss themselves , getting in trouble and causing kyle's mom to go against the mpaa .
even more remarkably , it works .
also , he apparently likes to have his films wrap up with a kick-ass ending .
she seemed to be thrown in towards the end and i felt very little sympathy for her because i had not seen her enough earlier in the film .
the raja hurls forks at foes , the shoveler hits them with a shovel , and mr . furious just yells at people ( stiller is doing essentially the same character he played in a guest appearance on " friends " ) .
instead , they are both looking for someone meaningful , someone to settle down with , someone to grow old with .
there's some genuine talent involved here .
the angels are interestingly presented , all of them dressed in black and more reminiscent of hitmen than traditional glowing white entities , but it's a nice touch that never seems like a mere attempt at uniqueness .
helena bonham carter however really had no purpose .
harrison ford stars as dr . richard kimble , a man who is wrongly accused and convicted of murdering his wife .
if you do not like beavis and butthead , do not go to see this movie ! ! ! ! !
she handles the songs adroitly , although her voice sounds a bit thin in the upper range .
it's also indie director neil labute's first attempt at something resembling a mainstream picture , and i'm sad to report it's a resounding failure ( at least on this web site ) , a mess that's as hopelessly saccharine as people have accused labute's previous films of being unrelentingly masochistic .
`american pie' is a comedy about four sexually frustrated seniors that enter into a pact to lose their virginity by the end of the school year .
so right up front , i'll admit that i don't know what the heck i'm talking about , but here goes . . .
libby serves six years , growing harder and driven by the desire to kill nick ( based on the theory that because of the " double jeopardy " amendment she can off him with impunity ) .
mr . " m " ( matthew broderick ) , sick of the megalomaniac student , encourages paul , a popular-but-slow jock to run .
based on the famous 60's television show , the film was an enormous box-office flop and a huge disappointment for warner bros . a year later , the studio is up to their old tricks again , with the unnecessary revival of the robert conrad program the wild , wild west .
o'donnell could be running from his angry fans , who have just endured `the bachelor' , and are hunting him down for revenge .
this prison , run by the v . c . ,
when you're right alongside your kid , all of the normal rights and wrongs slip away .
probably not , but that's precisely what college student karla ( pop diva brandy ) does to best friend julie ( jennifer love hewitt ) , resulting in the first in a long line of phony frights .
his pain creates pain for the viewer .
the broader comedy such as the killing of a blind dog , and incessant smoking of marijuana isn't ineffective but not nearly as memorable as the little things .
he's heading cross the desert minus two fingers when his mustang ragtop blows a radiator hose , stranding him in superior , arizona , held there by an " ignorant , inbred , turtleneck hick " of a mechanic named darrell .
surrounded by her children , she is obviously in her last hours of life .
by the end of the film , we feel a genuine sense of love and understanding between him and the lori singer character .
yet , despite the predictable nature of this film , there are some scary " boo " moments .
their second collaboration is a downbeat theatrical drama about a young intern ( georgina cates ) struggling to survive in post-w . w . ii
'rmd' is limited to a standard 4/4 tempo , not allowing for any emotional content whatsoever .
peter weir keeps the film going , clearly having fun .
a strange occurrence -- the appearance of aurora borealis over new york city -- allows father and son to communicate through the same ham radio frank used in '69 and that john has found in the present day .
-- they run into a group of hotties who pretend to be with an animal-rights group , but are really jewel thiefs who parade around in charlie's angels-style outfits .
the innovative gallows humor that scribe ( and " scream " wunderkind ) kevin williamson injected into " i know " 's unfolding story is sorely missed , replaced with the grating antics of a white rastafarian cabana boy who smokes weed and tosses off slang like " yo " ; you'll cheer - not shriek - when he ends up with a pair of hedgetrimmers firmly implanted in his chest .
jack is being blackmailed , and he asks harry to deliver the payoff .
are we supposed to root for a guy whose face and voice we are never given a chance to interact with ?
teenager or not : you'll hate this movie , i guarantee it .
of course , the movie does have its share of silliness .
she is bent on making the world a better place .
jim has won teacher of the year no less than three times in his 12 year span , and is a well respected social studies teacher among the student body .
broderick is usually a good actor , but in this film he's weighed down by an unexciting character and an atrocious screenplay which seem to fight against him every step of the way .
gloria , who keeps saying how she hates kids , takes nicky under her wing and protects him from kevin and the bad guys .
yeah , but the rest of the movie sucked .
there was no strong political leadership in the country .
the slow and methodical turn from happy home maker to charnel house martha stewart is too frightening to express in words .
he never raises his voice or becomes angry , and of course he has the typical idiot goons kidnap gordy but this is just so beyond stupid and cartoony we are constantly two steps ahead of the story .
there's always the feeling that there's a trainer off in the wings , coaxing the dogs to open doors , or pick up their food bowls in unison , or pop a tape into the videocasette recorder .
van der beek does a decent job of carrying his first film although a silly accent trips him up sometimes .
joe johnston directs a straightforward story of an excursion back to the island of the dinosaurs .
already a critical and financial success for such a small film , the full monty is a humble film which deserves applause throughout .
such films strike me as inherently valuable , even when flawed .
" the fugitive " is probably one of the greatest thrillers ever made .
but ultimately the emotional truths writer-director anthony minghella was grasping for were never revealed .
i love sean connery .
the launch of the soviet satellite sputnik sets homer hickam ( jake gyllenhaal ) to dream a future of rocketry and space travel .
eileen brennan appears briefly as the cat lady and patricia belcher is jezelle , a psychic who explains the evil creature's bizarre feeding habits .
during one of such actions , her partner nick ( jamey sheridan ) got hurt and as a result , she becomes depressed .
besides pointless sub-plots involving the football coach ( jeffrey tambor , horribly wasted ) , there is little by way of actual progress .
royal dano is also impressive as menacing figure of preacher , but the most memorable performances belong to donald moffat as vice-president lyndon b . johnson and jane dornacker as nurse murch .
he's by far the most underrated actor due to a lack of popularity , but i'm hoping that will change .
dubey is a rather eccentric man with a taste for eating the marigolds he uses for decoration .
it was a period of manifest destiny , the inevitability of the country extending its boundaries , stretching out its arms and consuming all the land it could .
kristopherson asks seagal how much it will take for him to go away .
none of this matters though , because stunning gaps in internal logic assure that the plot of " lara croft : tomb raider " is as lame as ever other aspect of the film ? except angelina jolie's lips and breasts .
james is not killed , but the passenger in the other car flies into his seat ( obviously dying ) , leaving the driver , helen remington ( holly hunter - in a porn ? ) , also alive .
( i suspect the sex scenes in movies like el topo and salo would probably melt the synapses of most modern audiences . )
they can take ridiculous situations and make them seem plausible .
freddie , meanwhile , isn't ready to let sam's money go without a fight , and thus begins a series of violent confrontations .
however , you've got to go with what you've got , and what you've got in jackie chan is something special -- a talent that mainstream hollywood should , could , and ought to utilize .
his investigation starts in l . a . and finally culminates and climaxes in oklahoma , where he has a violent showdown with the killers at a white supremacist camp .
while i have not seen any of his other work , it's easy to see why craven is generally touted as the most sophisticated " slasher film " director , as he clearly cares about something more than just the actual acts of slashing .
a big remake of the haunting .
but the fact is , betsy's wedding is also an alan alda film .
apparently there was even more footage of the gang of brides chasing o'donnell around the city , and at one point o'donnell is leaping from the tops of buses .
well , if you're in the mood for some seriously mindless entertainment , ben stiller and his cast of many have assembled one of the more original dumb comedies in some time .
serves mostly as dante's homage to the b-films he loves .
can you get any more questionable than john grisham ?
all he's looking for is acceptance , perhaps a goal easily identifiable by young viewers , but one which will ring true with a lot of adults .
yeah there were some in the first half but not enough .
snap !
she is in nearly every scene with them , making it impossible to understand the difficulty the two male characters are going to have when they fight each other .
mulan is a saga of courage and self-discovery .
you know what a goof field is : that invisible zone in which anyone who has intent to do harm to you becomes a klutz no matter what their real dexterity is .
the fund-raiser car wash seems the opportune time , particularly when you wash your guidance counselor's jeep in all white clothes and take plenty of precautions to insure you'll be soaked from head to toe when you're done .
" joe is way too big for that cage ! "
films like consenting adults , the hand that rocks the cradle , and single white female rely on stock plots and predictable twists to propel the narrative along .
take one of the extended scenes in tenebrae .
oteri's overly enthusiastic and continually self-congratulatory speech patterns and mannerisms were so much like portland , oregon's own manic mayor vera katz that i had to wonder if the studio wasn't poking fun at our fair town .
kilmer's first mission that we are shown is to steal a microchip from ivan tretiak , played by rade serbedzija .
but he should have it now .
her eligibility for the spot failed when she is questioned on her beliefs in the existence of god by the president's spiritual advisor ( mcconaughey ) ; allie , being an atheist , a result of her belief in fact and science , refuses to budge upon questioning .
it is a very stylish movie and for the most part that style works very well .
roger ebert asks in his review of sexy beast , " who would have guessed that the most savage mad-dog frothing gangster in recent movies would be played by . . .
also , apparently , the weather changes quickly in their locale : they're at this outdoor carnival one day before having sex ; the next day , they're out playing in the snow before having sex .
daily news ?
rated r ( almost got an nc-17 ) for explicit sexual dialogue and nudity .
to premiere in key west during the height of the cuban missile crisis .
but his bearish persona and stature alienates her .
great actor , horrific performance .
and while the lyrics to " wild thing " may not be all that complicated , watching jimi hendrix mime having sex with his guitar is as captivating as otis redding singing about love .
but unlike the other shrinks , sean knows what he is in for and continues the sessions .
the only reason it doesn't drop below a " c " grade is because of the fine supporting performances .
tom sizemore and scene-stealer don cheadle are both fine .
and so sam and max bounce from pathetic job to pathetic job , with sammy dangling a meeting with lilianna as a carrot before max's nose .
bowfinger takes it's sweet time getting started , but when the plot switches into high gear , great things happen .
starring johnny depp , christina ricci , and casper van dien .
she reminds me of wolfgang petersen in her ability to make the most routine action sequences exciting and breathtaking .
in order to give the film some emotional heft , there are several subplots designed to tug at our heartstrings or give us the thrill of . . . yawn , excuse me , dramatic tension .
he's been here before and he deals with it in the only way he knows how .
she finds the right note for each scene and holds it .
expectation rating : a bit worse than expected ( mainly because i found the middle part to be a bit dull ) .
and that's one of her wittier asides .
brody is joined by matt hooper ( richard dreyfuss ) , a young , ambitious shark expert from the marine institute .
betty is a little surprised to find a woman sleeping in the borrowed bungalow .
everything about her character in this film oozes raw sexuality .
critique : astounding movie packed with non-stop action , stunts galore , an interesting story line , great one-liners , a solid cast , a catchy musical score , and all the fun and adventure that you could squeeze into a two-hour thrill ride .
a lot of it is visually interesting and technically solid , don't get me wrong , but , because the script and cast aren't engaging , spawn ultimately comes across like overwrought wallpaper ( the surface may capture the eye , but nothing exists underneath ) .
jack carter is as tough as tough guys come .
i was a little worried about the last batman film , as i thought joel schumaccer , taking over from tim burton , would screw it up .
i'm not certain whether or not this is actually a genuine style of kung fu , but the principle behind it is to imitate the wobbly movements of a drunkard to lull the enemy into a false sense of security . . . and
funnest damn movie i've seen all year .
wynn , who thinks he is in league with the double-dealing clown , recognizes spawn as a threat and undergoes an operation where a bomb is placed on his heart -- when it stops beating , major cities around the world will detonate , causing the leak of a disease that " makes the ebola virus look like a skin rash . "
in this scene , we meet joe flynn ( woody harrelson ) , an american reporter who stops reporting to help a priest carry the mortally wounded mother into a church .
but there is one living passenger , the paralyzed nicole ( polley ) , whose dark secrets of a life before the accident may affect her decision to testify .
his sleazy character is important to " showgirls " , but we don't learn anything about him .
although there are some genuine surprises , the plot twists get too contrived too quickly .
but he's afflicted with loser-itis .
the film deftly weaves several themes together , from assimilation and exclusion of jews from " the good life , " to the lengths that a scion of a literary family will go to to match his father's fame .
needless to say , with the reappearance of samantha/charly comes the appearance of an assortment of no-goodniks out to erase more than her memory .
the movie screams to be made with camp , and that could've been fun .
so what is the witches of eastwick ?
( ironically , it was within these past ten years that " reality-based " television have become a predominant fixture into our culture .
seconds later , the car drives off at full speed .
the second half of the film is basically about the main heroine running back and forth from the sinister lamps and evil furniture .
i think that although the computer has played an incredibly instrumental part in moviemaking this decade , cinema should still be a human art and the phantom menace nearly defies this .
rather than support him his wife liane ( diane venora ) demands of him what are they supposed to do for income .
the movie begins and ends with the classic cartoon version of the character , who exudes his usual charm .
branaugh , emma thompson and denzel washington are all talented performers .
running time : 132 minutes
if you don't enjoy this film , then you just don't like action movies , period !
she has almost no dialogue , and seems to be either recovering from a stroke or suffering from one .
ward showed immense promise and he will be greatly missed .
winning is everything .
tommy lee jones and will smith play two " government " agents who are responsible for keeping order in alien society .
if you're looking for a film about computers closer to what goes on in the real world , i suggest sneakers .
the few jokes that do work are wasted .
and funny is the other thing jackie chan is very , very good at .
plummer also appeared in " speed " in '94 in a smaller , yet better role .
the story is so straightforward , so quaint , that it ultimately becomes charming .
dialog overlaps and the actors seem to slip naturally into an improvisational style .
they gonna get drama .
those contrasts and similar effects are achieved with kaufman's superb use of poetic movie language .
the actors and actresses are excellent , each playing their part with great sincerity and warmth .
there's some nice eyecandy .
it feels like a bad disney movie from the sixties .
" ravenous " starts wonderfully and continues to shock and scare until it gets to the finale , where it looses focus and gets too primitive and rather boring .
only hank azaria , as zeta-jones's much-macho spanish lover , and stanley tucci , as a studio exec , and roberts manage to whip up any farcical froth .
dr . sid has developed a method of confining the contagion and keeping it from killing her , but the defense wall won't hold much longer .
not just the look , mind you , but all the zany sounds like >honk boing
the sequence also suffers from a few plot holes ( as does the rest of the film ) : why is the ship's computer ( which sounds strangely like hal from , uh , " 2001 " ) able to detect a hole in the main chamber but not one in the engine ?
it is the latter quality , however , that becomes a hindrance , for this '60s nostalgia trifle is so nice and sweet that it teeters on becoming bland milquetoast .
it seemed rushed especially towards the end as if jewison had given his message about racism and did not feel like giving a credible explanation involving the murder victim .
there need be no question of suspended disbelief when one is in the presence of poetry .
if you can't figure out where all this nonsense leads , then you need a remedial course in film viewing .
the aliens mix and match the memories of the city's population to see who will change and who will not .
for a movie with such deep religious and spiritual undertones , it is surprising to find the messenger : the story of joan of arc such an ungodly mess .
in fact , every character goes through so many shifts from good to bad that the end provides absolutely no insight into what any of them really do .
what did i expect from this movie ?
he then discovers through some reading that the count is a " nosferatu " , or vampire , one of the undead that feeds off the blood of living humans .
finally , a few specific details deserve criticism .
the mortal kombat refers to a competition , fought by human mortals against outworld's minions , which if won , will guarantee earth's safety for another generation .
grab them by the hair and yell really loudly in their ear , " what were you thinking ? !
they're joyless , perfuctory ; li's rogue chinese detective is more of a killing machine than a hero , a terminator with a black belt instead of a metal skeleton .
failed all around !
i was just left unsatisfied in the long run .
the rest of the film is a question of who is going to die to keep this a secret , and is it worth it ?
also , some critics were prone to attack this film as too amerocentric and hard on russians , who were portrayed as evil monsters , just in line with most virulent cold war rhetoric of reagan's america .
the film traces his relationship with his father , whose encouragement comes at the cost of demanding david have no life beyond that of the black and white keys .
in a soap opera twist , mother has only a few days to live .
in short , they should have gotten paul anderson back .
it seems as if davis and harlin's first collaboration , the middling pirate epic cutthroat island , was just a dress rehearsal ( albeit a very costly one ) for long kiss , in which the wife-husband team hit their action stride .
to begin with , the two hit men : vincent vega ( john travolta ) and jules winnfield ( samuel l . jackson ) .
the execution and style is different , which makes this film mediocre piece of entertainment at best .
challenging ?
the special effects aren't bad , but they're loud , obnoxious , and intrusive .
* * a little creaky , but still better than staying at home with gotcha !
like the distorted mirror that captured a blurred swastika at the end of cabaret , this " mirror " may reflect an image we're not all that comfortable with .
cartman , stan , kenny and kyle are very excited to see the new terrance and phillip ( beavis and butthead types ) movie " asses of fire " .
senseless ( r ) marlon wayans is a very talented physical comedian , and it is that gift that brings senseless moments of life .
stockard channing plays verna , harry's former partner , and possibly a former love interest .
" what does this scene do ?
there is nothing i have seen so far to like about ray .
the best part of this extra footage is that gives better understanding of both mathilda's and l ? on's motivations pertaining to later actions involving oldman and his crew of bad cops .
all special edition dvds should be this thorough and entertaining .
from elton john to elvis costello , from bob hoskins to meat loaf .
schumacher also has no idea how to shock and audience , and though we are meant to be looking at the 'dark belly' of the porn industry , it doesn't exactly leave an haunting impression on the viewers mind , which misses the point .
the action scenes do not disappoint either .
of course , the movie ends with the dog biting off the remaining testicle and shows prisoners laughing at the criminal as he clacks past their cells .
a scene near the end featuring a private conversation between the imprisoned elizabeth and john is undeniably powerful because for once we are given a reprieve from the moral bantering and the human consequences are revealed .
take it from me , south park : b , l , and u , isn't as good as you'd hope , but it is good for some laughs .
the directing has toned down a bit , however , yet we're still reminded that this is tarantino's movie thanks to odd split-screen story-telling devices and scenes being replayed multiple times from different viewpoints .
but by the attentiveness of the crowd i'd say they were won over - as was i . i can't tell yet if truman really is that good , or if it only seems that good in comparison to the awful mountain of crap spewed forth from the bowls of hollywood so far this year .
comments : this movie was boring .
what idiot dreamed this movie up ?
these kinds of things frustrate the hell out of me .
such scenes , although they require very great skill and patience during their shootings , became very popular among other directors in 1990s .
in the end , there is a head-to-head between rumpo and marshall .
oliver platt is an actor who should be careful , for someday i fear he may induce a heart attack with the intensity of his acting ( though he's very funny to watch ) . ? paul sorvino adds the southern accent to his list of mastered inflections .
the constrast in styles and the chemistry between favreau and vaughn is what makes made so enjoyable to watch .
this only works about half the time , and i wonder if it would have been just as well to do without them .
take your kids to see boogie nights instead .
obviously a homage to the famed x-ray scene from sonny chiba's " streetfighter " , the scenes here are just pointless and interfere with the pacing of the film .
although the script does not perform well as a narrative -- there's little story to be told outside of patch's skit-length experiences -- the script does go a long way toward building the relationships of characters .
i don't think anyone needs to be briefed on jack the ripper , so i won't go into the particulars here , other than to say moore and campbell have a unique and interesting theory about both the identity of the killer and the reasons he chooses to slay .
magoo provides only three such moments .
while he's busy with his new breakthrough , the slighted sweetheart is being wooed by his sleazy rival wilson croft ( christopher mcdonald ) .
when gillian calls sally to come get her after having another abusive spat with visjnic , they accidentally murder him , and in desperation , bury the body in the backyard of their aunts' house .
all is well until he meets nicole oakley ( kirsten dunst ) , the daughter of a rich congressman ( bruce davison ) .
joseph is outstanding for someone of any age , not alone someone who just turned 15 .
i predict a lot of diversity and success from anderson in the future .
you'd think you were watching a new release .
guidance counselor sam lombardo ( matt dillon ) seems to catch the eye of every student , particularly kelly van ryan ( richards ) , daughter of the locally prestigious family whose social status is about as high as their bank accounts .
the cast is excellent .
[r]
throughout the movie , i really didn't laugh once .
private investigation ? ) , who is apparently stealing from his trust fund .
but i also knew the film would be an equal-opportunity offender , attacking the sensibilities of the politically correct with reckless abandon .
garry shandling makes his long overdue starring film debut as an alien from a planet populated only by genetically created men , who are looking to take over the earth by propagating their own species there .
in the thirteenth floor , he is back and is still giving believable and amazing performances .
so why does this movie get one star out of me ?
you're better off renting the video and pressing fast-forward to get to the funny bits .
my giant , as a comedy , is only moderately funny .
you see , we are supposed to be tricked into thinking that during this scene peter neal is actually an innocent witness who was crouching in the bushes nearby the whole time and spying on the killer's house .
instead of using panama city merely as a colorful backdrop , he adroitly weaves in footage of all aspects of life there .
very impressive trick !
this is the situation when a new case comes knocking .
you won't either .
>from here on , the plot takes a back seat , and we are treated to some of the best camera work and action staged .
goro , to defend the honor of this woman and her noodles , gets into a fight with the ringleader and his henchmen , emerging bloodied , but victorious .
lots of the scenes are pitched well to comedy , such as our heroes' first encounter with the rochon character .
worth the price of admission .
slowly , the novelty wears off and he settles into the mundane .
not just adam sandler-annoying , we're talking jim carrey-annoying .
that sense of discovery has been replaced by a wry self-awareness .
they break up into pairs and investigate .
besides the first part , there is also another good scene , a prolonged cat and mouse chase inside a radio station .
we don't just get the horror of scary masks and graphic gore - we also get the horror of sympathetic characters who seem helpless as their friends are slaughtered ( and , in one case , a significant character who was an audience favorite even bites the dust ) and whose lives have been reduced to constant fear of a crazed murderer lurking around the corner .
i will not ruin the ending for you .
last year , the benevolent studio gods gave us digimon , and this year , they bestow max keeble's big move on delighted moviegoers across the country .
but in case you didn't know this , don't bother remembering it . . .
but my daughter really wanted to go , and how bad could it be ?
he's building the tension bit by bit , so when it comes time for the climax , the shark's arrival is truly terrifying .
in 1998 , however , things have been decidedly different .
i do give successful comedy high marks .
mrs . tingle is basically every student's worst nightmare : a heartless human being bent on distributing poor marks to even the most hard-working of her pupils .
" you know , for kids " - norville barnes
woody harrelson , as ed's brother ray , does his usual egg-headed role , with his comic wit as well ( he wrote a book entitled , " my brother pissed on me . " )
oscar's son ( jonathan silverman ) and felix's daughter ( lisa waltz ) are getting married , and former roommates felix ungar ( lemmon ) and oscar madison ( matthau ) meet at the airport and decide to share a car .
make sure there are no secret backdoors into military computers .
roman general maximus ( russell crowe ) has conquered yet another group of barbarians for his emperor marcus aurelius ( richard harris ) , and he is eager to retire to his plantation in spain where his wife and son are waiting .
i walked into " the art of war " expecting a good , high octane thriller , and all i got was a pile of mush .
thinking on these scenes , it is hard for me to admit that the film has redeeming qualities .
( 5 ) the plot is a shameless rip-off of the sting .
naturally we don't want to go into a film with any preconceived notions , which is pretty tough but something we all have to accomplish .
most of these grew out of venerable , but solid hero yarns like the virginian and shane .
granted , it's not the movie for everyone , but , if you like kevin smith's brand of humor , you'll find that this is his best .
while the production has enough minor pleasures to warrant a tv viewing on some lazy sunday afternoon , it has no business playing in a movie theater .
seeking refuge in a cave , they soon ran out of food - and were forced to consume one another .
broderick and witherspoon are simply at their best when they are playing off each other in various scenes .
like i said , this movie could've been great .
in fact , the pointers are noticeably contradictory and until i hear a better explanation , i think lynch is merely playing a joke .
it's not like this is any kind of original idea , it just throws in some " rosemary's baby " , along with " the devil's advocate " a little " exorcist " and some " stigmata " here and there .
it was an insult to one's intelligence .
and this isn't just my opinion , either ; everybody knows this , and that's why about a gazillion inferior rip-offs have been made , trying to duplicate its success .
if the focus had been on people living inside these caves after the world had been destroyed , deep impact could have been a far more interesting movie .
chow yon fat projects dignity and purity of heart .
jackie chan plays , who else , jackie .
a good chunk of never talk to strangers is spent upon sarah and tony .
imagine the first attack of the aliens in " aliens , " shot from the pov of the soldiers and then the authorities in the battle car if it was all hard to follow and done without any dramatic intensity , and that's basically the whole of " virus " : one horribly-directed action scene after the other , capping it off with a proposterous gadget that saves the day and at least a couple of the original cast members .
audiences want to see the storm , they want to see a fight for survival but what they get is a lot of cliched , maudlin drivel .
the last time a big-name , big-budget film displayed this level of ineptitude was last year's batman & robin , and everyone knows how that movie was received .
the story , as has much of patlabor before , centers around the controversial babylon project , a gigantic seawall that will , on its completion , allow the reclamation of thousands of square miles of land from tokyo bay .
highly depreciated on the small screen .
oh , and its much better than any of those .
this is the kind of disney feature that makes you wonder what they will do next , rather than hope that the next one is better .
" practical magic " is directed by griffin dunne , primarily an actor , who last year made the contrived , clumsy romance , " addicted to love , " with meg ryan and matthew broderick .
high technology has been replaced with organic creatures , and it provides a truly surreal setting for the characters .
characters look like caricatures , actors playing them often deliberately overact , and women , especially those who fuel titta's sexual fantasies , often have certain body parts with gargantuan proportions .
you'd think that after awhile hollywood would stop trying to make movies out of video games .
that picture was weird , but some critics claim it's one of the best movies of the '80s .
while larry may be confident and charming like sam malone on " cheers , " he is also complex and vulnerable , with more between his ears than empty space .
* * * * amazing , potent stuff .
but -- dear god !
in turn , carver high school has provided a home for him .
after convincing king that they don't care that his persona isn't real , gordie and sean sneak him back onto wcw monday nitro , after which sinclair agrees to book him in a main event steel cage match for the wcw title and his job back in las vegas at wcw's pay-per-view .
this is the first character jim has played that is not over the top in anyway , and he does a commendable job .
still , the film is by no means bad and is consistently entertaining and enjoyable .
however , while tim burton nicely balanced the villain/batman storyline ( although not wonderfully ) , joel seems to do almost nothing with batman in this one .
how about if we through in some " ewwwww ! "
there are four or five of these turns in the plot , each one raising the question " where did that come from ? "
alas , moments are simply that , moments , which are not enough to lift this fantasy/comedy above its one-joke premise .
sleepy hollow quite obviously draws its inspiration from the old period horror films of the 1950s and 1960s , especially hammer studios' reworkings of dracula and frankenstein , and american international's series of movies based on the works of edgar allan poe .
in the play , paul rudd , as an obnoxious jock , delivers a monologue detailing how he once followed a gay man into a bathroom and beat him maybe to death , while his clueless girlfriend essentially regards his sadistic behaviors as something along the old maxim " boys will be boys " .
this effort is utterly limp and lifeless .
the popular consensus among newspaper critics was that this movie is unfunny and dreadfully boring .
although he designs the faculty with more of a sci-fi bent than his typical slasher picture , it still comes down to the same results : throw the stock characters in a steel cage match and see who comes out alive .
catherine keener is completely wasted as cage's wife , although she delivers a far better performance than her character deserves .
her reaction to the brutal killing of a jogger is " at least she died healthy . "
the film's sole point of interest and one major strongpoint is the all-too necesary personage of steve rubell , played by mike myers ( you heard me ) .
the problem is , paltrow is married to stephen ( douglas ) , who is not too happy when he discovers this affair .
even the plane crash is sorely lacking in tension .
braxton is a gambling addict in deep to mook ( ellen burstyn ) , a local bookie .
the emotionally charged play is clearly going somewhere , and the engaging characters captivate the audience with their spell .
we hated the tom berenger character in platoon , but he * mattered * , and therefore we were curious to learn about his fate .
and every now and again , as " shattered image " makes agonizingly clear , it isn't .
second , the interviews of the miami women are sincere .
another segment shows walking skeletons ; survivors who are so starved that they hardly look human anymore .
the rationale is sound , but in many cases of this and recent years , the sequel is a shoddy product that's exposed for the cash-milking vehicle it really is .
but all of this doesn't matter since " virus " is basically just one loud , cluttered mess of a movie .
they have all been anxiously awaiting woody's arrival , as once their set is completed , they will be sold to a japanese toy museum , and finally escape storage forever .
.
on the plus side , holmes and coughlan are admirable ( with the latter giving a frighteningly believable exorcism impression ) , and molly ringwald has an amusing cameo appearance as a substitute teacher .
it wasn't boring me , and even managed to read my thoughts at one point .
in response to women saying that they can raise a child without a man , rock says , " you can drive a car with your feet , but that don't mean it should be done . "
in this case , davidson is running from thugs , gets into a subway car as the doors are closing , starts to taunt the thugs , then the doors open back up again .
among them is a sophisticated bisexual ( cathrine zeta jones ) , a cynical dope ( owen wilson ) and a gentle and emotional lady ( lily taylor ) .
he comforts her and offers protection .
other stars are similarly young and unmemorable .
kermit and miss piggy continue to get to know each other a little better , including a rather funny scene at a restaurant with steve martin as the waiter .
but in the movies , a male and a female cannot be friends without having that nagging feeling of attraction for each other .
despite a smattering of needless scenes ( most of them sexual in nature ) , there's wicked fun to be had here .
star trek : first contact a film review by michael dequina copyright 1996 michael dequina
so , it's thirty years later , and oscar and felix are together again .
this is what's called giving the devil his due .
katie is the more organized , sophisticated type , who wants to plan everything out , while ben is a spontaneous , adventurous individual who doesn't mind doing things differently than they were planned .
based on the autobiographical book by homer hickam , rocket boys , october sky tells the struggle of four boys reaching for their dream .
the script is generally cheerful , projecting the boys' endeavors in a lighthearted manner .
and salma hayek is along for the ride to search for her missing father , but mostly she exists just for sexual attention .
while watching boiler room , i was constantly reminded of last year's masterpiece fight club .
ben loves his fiancee bridget ( maura tierney ) , but the doom-and-gloom pronouncements of everyone around him have him questioning the meaning of this 'till death do you part business .
anyone with a brain knows each one of the heroes is going to be successful at their talent in the end and each one is going to contribute in a helpful way .
the music is all as good as ever , tons of great musicians showing up -- with the exception of johnny lang , who can't sing , all the musicians do a great job .
" i would give anything to have that girl in my life . "
it's only a week before the famous geyser old faithful celebrates its one billionth birthday , and the park is being overrun with prairie dogs .
when jack nicholson accepted his best actor oscar in march , walsh was one of the men to whom he credited his success ( the actors performed together in a few good men ) .
one problem though about the fight scenes .
it begins by introducing us to a selection of characters who all know each other .
instead the people do the best they can with a talented cast .
i went in expecting something decent , for betty was gleefully praised , it's screenplay even winning an award at cannes , but i exited shaking my noggin in bewilderment .
didn't anybody recognize the crappiness in this script ?
add insult to injury with some of the worst stylistic choices in cinematic history ( literally half of the film is either in slow motion or uses a strobe effect ) , and acting roughly the caliber of a b . b . gun , and original sin is one of the most torturous films of the summer , definitely front running to make my bottom ten of the year .
but that line was fed to marlon through an earpiece by christof .
for these reasons ( and many others ) , i can only give the movie a 2 . . .
on the slick side , many of the special effects are really cool ( the sequence in which the family is " paralyzed " during the hyper-drive is awesome , and the animated monkey that joins the family halfway through the flic is mucho cool ) , the credit presentation at the end of the film is slamming , and the adventures that they fall into are somewhat thrilling ( i will also admit that " somehow " they got me to semi-tear up near the conclusion of this picture . . . . very
i guess in heartland , the talent is pretty non-existent .
it is pure , raw existence , a brief moment of clarity and purpose that makes his dreary workaday life pale in comparison .
this sort of misleading packaging makes little sense when one recalls the countless number of ghouslish scenes in the film from which cool cover art could have been extracted .
a young man with a humble background and lofty dreams , works hard , devotes the time , the energy and the patience , and ultimately hits it big-time .
he's a hoot .
flik's mission is too hire some warrior bugs too fight off the grasshoppers when they return .
with the help of ethically questionable private detective mitch hennessey ( samuel l . jackson ) , she slowly remembers--and reclaims--her past as charly baltimore , tough-as-nails cia operative .
it should read , " size does matter .
that's not the case here .
nicole is a drunk apparently hell-bent on self-destruction .
if that's not enough for you , there's richard e . grant and sandra bernhard hamming it up as a deranged couple on the brink of a convoluted economic takeover .
the incredibly pale , red-headed scottish actress swinton immerses herself into the role of the reserved american super-mom whose life revolves around serving the needs of her three children and live-in father-in-law jack ( peter donat , " the game " ) .
the only real good thing that i could say about this film is that its story was actually half-interesting and never really bored me .
after watching the film with a randomly selected ending , when you return to the menu screen you will be able to highlight the large magnifying glass and select it .
given this , and the fact that there's no strong second banana character for sidney ( elise neal's role isn't nearly substantive enough to adequately fill rose mcgowan's shoes ) , it's no wonder why the roles for gale and dewey have been significantly augmented for this installment of the film .
although stephen furst's catatonic character is cliched , the actor makes him sympathetic and endearing .
he does a vulcan mind meld on the giant slug , and then proclaims that the bugs are scared !
he romanced julie delpy in before sunrise .
in the end , the negotiator has a plotline that parallels it's reality .
now , we fast forward for a few minutes until just after a big plan ( ? ! ! ? ) has been presented .
one particular scene features baker crawling around trying to avoid laser-beams while she tries to steal an ancient chinese mask .
the supporting cast are all o . k , none making much of an impression .
crows tear out the eyes of cinderella's sisters , a gorier fate then they receive in the animated version .
much of tarzan's young life is spent trying to become one of the apes in the eyes of his peers and his " father , " which occasionally gets him into trouble no matter how well-meant his attempts .
the tough and unnerving bud white ( crowe ) , a cop who believes in justice , the swift and violent way .
* * * pretty good , bring a friend .
his cowboy=
some humor was a tad uneven from the rest of the film and , even after starting very humorously , they nearly lost me with the tad-too-long intros .
btw , all the talk about this film was that julia roberts was to be in a fat suit for one scene ( her character is supposed to have lost 60 pounds ) , so when the scene finally came , i did get a little excited about what it might look like and then . . . well ,
however , karen develops a rapport with jack foley , and finds that she begrudgingly likes the guy .
look , that kid has been vomiting for 20 minutes after drinking an inordinate amount of alcohol and is now about to perform an exotic dance for money .
magnolia will probably bring some much deserved attention to paul thomas anderson , though in my opinion his two previous films , hard eight and boogie nights were better told stories .
dah-dum .
it's a fluffy rehashed cake-walk created by some " shrewd " studio heads who decided to take advantage of the whole " kung-fu " phenomenon in films , and test it out on an old classic .
he was seen in the world is not enough .
shepard narrates from a first person point-of-view , divulging his various adventures one snowy december , in which visions of taking aim with his new bb gun replaced that of sugarplums dancing in his head .
all of these characters add an extra depth to the film , and make it that easier to watch .
the actors are all first-rate .
susan granger's review of " songcatcher " in the midst of this summer's fare of dinos revisited and romantic fiascoes , there are a few thoughtful movies - and this appalachian period drama is one .
libby parsons ( ashley judd ) has the perfect little life -- a rich husband , a cute son , and a house on the ocean -- but when her husband nick ( bruce greenwood ) takes her sailing , she awakes to find him gone and her hands covered with blood .
doing the convincing is a wealthy and eccentric couple ( william h . macy and tea leoni ) who has been just about everywhere else in the world and wants the adventure of seeing real dinosaurs .
near the beginning , a paranoid man follows a pedestrian for several blocks , warning him about government conspiracies involving everything from global warming to secret colonization of mars .
eventually , blonde arrives with a police officer hostage , and what follows is a truly brutal , uncomfortable torture scene .
then there are the campy touches of humor besson and co-scripter robert mark kamen sprinkle throughout , which too often are silly and forced ; a comic sexual encounter between ruby rhod and a flight attendant is highly distracting and not very funny , to boot .
from there we follow him and learn a little about arnold and something about furtwangler and his orchestra .
" get carter " is a gloomy looking , unimaginative film that offers no joy .
the plane crashes during a terrible storm , and they immediately find themselves stuck in a deserted paradise with few ideas on getting back to civilization .
while mant !
through its whole duration , i did not learn one thing__not one thing__about travolta's lawyer character , jan schlictmann , who doesn't appear to have any sort of life or purpose outside of his job .
why ?
i don't quite remember if the captain actually said , " i hate to do this , but . . . " ,
unfortunately , she's saddled with some of the most unlikely dialogue the screenplay has to offer .
as the movie trods along , we discover she's not only the mostly-silent star of the movie but also the object of every male character's fantasies ( and probably every male viewer's too ) .
but it's his wall-to-wall narration as the butcher boy of the title , da brady's son , francis , that makes rea's " performance " worth watching , worth listening to .
it appears to be snuff film , a sort of urban legend of the pornography industry in which someone is actually brutally murdered for the camera .
it does , however , have the entertaining presence of rob schneider , and the excessively inventive and pretentious direction of tsui hark .
the only thing that couldn't be sold , is this stiff story and tired plot line .
only nicholson could get away with the lines that melvin delivers .
for carter , the cauldron of story is a witches' brew , bubbling over with primal ingredients : mist-shrouded forests , ancient graveyards , virginal girls and wise women , wolves with glowing eyes .
proof that , at his most inspired , argento remains one of the world's most exhilarating filmmakers .
receiving a summer grant to study " chemo-electric therapy , " geoffrey and his wife are hoping that a summer spent away from the intensity of the big city will bring back the romance that is dwindling from their marriage and that the casualness of the country atmosphere will give them more time together , as their three-year marriage has become shaky because he is more interested in his work than he is in her .
but anyway , the actors do as much as they can with what they are given .
i mean , isn't that devil's den ?
jenna elfman is good , ( but a little overemotional ) ; her main problem is that she keeps getting sucked into bad films , i . e .
when he has a good script and a strong cast , he turns out oscar-caliber work like " 'breaker' morant , " " driving miss daisy , " and " tender mercies . "
we see actual footage of the sunken ship , as cammeron had set up special cameras to film the wreckage on the ocean floor .
jackie is sent by the un to retrieve a cache of lost nazi gold in the north african desert , and is chased by a horde of neo-nazi sympathizers and two stereotypical arabs ( one of the things i like about jackie chan movies : no political correctness ) .
writer/director francis verber artfully milks the farcical comedy as he dissects the hypocrisy of political correctness , veering off-track only occasionally into pedophilia .
rita pompano is called in to investigate the allegedly accidental death of . . . wait .
every moment an exhausting workshop of ideas , and every character the same , _the caveman's valentine_ is a concept so " high concept " that it suddenly became clear to me that the film fits into the comic book genre of entertainment , with romulus's " caveman " a slightly more mundane version of todd mcfarlane's urban noir hero , spawn .
when the u . s . marshals come to arrest him , it turns out that kahl isn't alone .
in the film it is left ambiguous if the rain is a sign from god since there are many references to exodus 8 : 2 .
he also fears commitment , and despite dating anne ( renee zellweger ) for over three years , he's unwilling to marry her .
( title ) . . .
he is a bitter , closed-off man whose only passion is his beekeeping , his granddaughters , and his dead wife .
i hate that .
such a stance was perhaps the central paradox and misguided practice of the arms race .
she explains how she is the only survivor of her past encounter with the aliens , but " the company " is doubtful .
i'm sure he's still laughing at taking a paycheck for this one .
proverbs 3 : 5 [kjv]
this time , keanu reeves plays an elusive homicidal maniac who engages in a gruesome ticking-clock cat-and-mouse game with james spader , a burnt-out fbi agent who has suffered a traumatic nervous breakdown after too many years on the job with the lapd .
but it's not really too bad .
after the feature , which runs about 63 minutes , is included a new music video from type o negative , the black-and-white fang-fest " black no . 1 " .
ellie thinks she's overeacting , but sends porter to support mona on a trip to check out her family's mississippi manse .
it starts off rather slow however , but in about twenty minutes the script has found it's footing and just keeps getting better .
now that i think about it , the worst thing about this film has to be all the money that it will make .
it's becoming a bore watching anonymous soldiers , police officers and government agents blown to bits .
chow's trademark of twin pistol shooting is saved for the finale ( which in fairness is quite good ) and there's not even a toothpick in site .
he knows when to hold back and at the same time makes the movie ooze with energy , illustrating the delicate poise flowing from his years of experience .
philip henslowe ( geoffrey rush ) owns 1 of the 2 theatres in london .
why introduce the theme of faith vs . science if the crewman who could comment on it disappears early only to die _offscreen_ ?
and now i can add embeth davidtz , who looks quite healthy in the altogether .
this was a movie premiere at the santa barbara international film festival .
humans .
also fascinating is george lucas ? metoclorian' theory , which claims that micro-organisms live within our cells and tie us to the fabric of the universe .
it's very rare that a film so hyped up as " fight club " turns out to be noteworthy , and this is no exception .
is it about a wholesome surveillance man who loses sight of his values after becoming enmeshed in the seedy , sleazy underworld of hardcore pornography ?
first , it is original .
for instance , one scene early on has marcus putting his hand in a box .
this film is different .
big heap is the local indian leader and the crazy casting of hawtrey for this part is very amusing , as is his performance : - he steals every scene he is in even though he does not enter the film until thirty minutes past .
our insanity gets to our brain and makes things worse than they really are , and we blame it on others .
there's not much more to this movie than hiding , running , swimming , shooting , and saving handcuffed heroes from drowning , but that's what makes it escapist and fun .
at least she befriends nerdy aldys ( joan of arc's leelee sobieski--watch for her ) , who turns out to be more beautiful than those who are " supposed " to be more beautiful than her .
to make things even more interesting , it seems that the killer deliberately stages murders in order to bring dietz to the investigation .
little known facts about this film and its stars : will smith has starred in two of the ten all-time top grossing films worldwide : 1997's summer blockbuster men in black ( 7/10 ) , for which he also recorded the grammy-winning title song , and 1996's independence day ( 6/10 ) .
there are better ways to waste two hours of your life .
another enthusiast immediately began to analyze the production , while a woman who flat-out hated the movie gave him the skunk eye .
james l . brooks , one of the developers of the simpsons and director of broadcast news , returns to the big screen with this entertaining , if slightly flawed comedy .
unlike " stand by me " , there is a supernatural element to " hearts " , but although it is key to the plot , it is not prominent .
? it's the final weekend of his campaign , and his assistant , murphy ( oliver platt ) has written him a speech to feed to a group of black people in a church in the ghetto .
the music from richard friedman is also remarkable ; an evocative , poignant score that recaptures music from the 19th century .
his comedic performance here equals that of happy gilmore , but in this film he goes much further and proves to me that he can , indeed , hold his own as a leading man in a romantic comedy .
the ubiquitous stiller is the reason to see " permanent midnight " ; a dark , comic , and strangely absorbing study of assisted living .
jurassic park iii is an all out adventure on an island inhabited by dinosaurs .
there is a rule when it comes to movies .
the 1998 summer movie season is still in its infancy .
perhaps williamson has it in mind to champion these up-and-comers to the fame that their scream and last summer counterparts achieved ; but to do that , they'd all need to star in their own wb television show about the horrors of puberty a la " dawson's creek . "
yes , again .
the sound down !
to complete the triangle , there's the tall , taciturn native american ( eric schweig ) who owns the general store and lovingly yet secretly prepares gourmet meals for henry and sam .
caine volunteers for this risky experiment .
unfortunately ashley's brother , gabriel ( gary sinise ) interferes with their relationship .
it's an archetypal post-apocalyptic plot full of promise .
but on the figurative eve of his upcoming planetary departure , the mission director is murdered .
but weird things start happening .
not irritating , but just as strange , is a musical number by blue-skinned alien chanteuse diva ( maiwenn lebesco ) , who sings--and dances--an aria that is an unlikely blend of classical opera and techno .
if only ( and this is a surprisinly minor gripe ) he had lopped off the egregious epilogue ; for a story that thrives on what we bring to it , the filmmakers work too hard to tidy things up , leaving our imaginations in the lurch .
crouching tiger , hidden dragon immerses the viewer in an idealized world of oriental folklore , with the requisite blend of legend , fantasy , magic and mythology .
although some of the destruction is entertaining for a while , it gets old fast .
ripley's arrival sparks a problem with the inmates .
goodfellas is an excellent example of a film that represents work of a film genius in his full glory .
the surprise ending provides the requisite shock ( and some more dandy visuals , particularly of the approaching authority figures ) , but admittedly isn't nearly as satisfying as the one in the original .
if it's anything like it's depicted as here then it's going to be incredibly boring .
" haunting " has only special effects and art direction to boast of .
i suppose that , coming from mtv films , i should expect no less . . .
stendhal's syndrome : a condition where , in the presence of art , a person becomes engulfed in a painting and hallucinates and may afterwards suffer symptoms such as depression , suicidal behaviour and personality disorder .
until then , we'll be left with emotionally hollow product like " the replacement killer " and , currently " romeo must die " .
the police had arrived at the scene of the crime way too soon , leading white to believe one of the five was an informant .
but why ? ? ? ?
i guess halloween masks are out of style for psychos these days .
lang educes this discomfort not through movement of the camera , but rather its stillness .
the killings are clearly an imitation of the previous murders from " scream " ( in fact , the culprit even plans to use the influence of horror movies as a courtroom defense ) , weathers exploits the situation for her own notoriety , and one man seems willing to save the heroine's life only if it will earn him an interview on the today show .
working as a police commander , cabel chamberlain ( joe morton ) , has an immediate disliking for elwood , who nonchalantly fills cab in on his mother's affair years ago and then goes on to steal his wallet .
one scene is a lover's spat between two minor characters .
it might be hard knowing what to expect with waiting for guffman .
since vivian firmly tells edward at the beginning that she will do anything with him except kiss him on the lips , which always leads to unwanted intimacy when dealing with her customers , the obligatory rule of the genre says that by the third act , edward and vivian will finally , truly , kiss .
from winona ryder , ann bancroft , ellen burstyn , and maya angelou to minor players like rip torn , claire danes , and kate capshaw , this film is overflowing with realized talent .
rampling is so expressive in her portrayal of marie , you connect with her character instantly , despite that she's delusional .
everyone is so happy , basking in the glow of overnight success , marvelling at it all--except toward the end , but even then the tone quickly reverts to sweetness , ending on an appropriately feel-good note .
1 . the characters of gordie and sean show you what eric bischoff , wcw president who thought up this project , thinks of wrestling fans .
it's a popcorn movie , and no one involved has any illusions otherwise .
now , brandi is a psycho bitch , but it's hard not to agree with what she says to darnell during the finale about guys like him treating her like garbage .
the ideas behind blade are good , as is the basic plot of the story .
captain amazing ( played terribly by an uninspired greg kinnear ) , because of his success in the past , is worried that he will lose popularity .
come to find out however it was just the chase digital stereo logo . . .
you wouldn't think there would be many people who shared this same kind of fetish , but they run into a freaky guy named vaughan ( elias kosteas ) and his crutch-carrying girlfriend , gabrielle ( rosanna arquette ) , who are also into it .
review by david wilcock ? 1998
which brings us to . . . .
-moderator]
and perhaps , as they're laughing , kids will learn where to find their uvula , along with nuggets about nutrition and hygiene .
it's a beautiful piece of work , remarkably detailed and quite convincing .
as a child , he was the frequent victim of abuse .
" my name is jack carter , and you don't want to know me " says our brooding anti-hero ( sylvester stallone ) .
when considering the entire film , you will realize that it lacks a single original scene .
without it there could never have been a " planet of the apes " film series .
it's not just because this is a brian depalma film , and since he's a great director and one who's films are always greeted with at least some fanfare .
the late great planet earth is available on dvd from vci home video .
in fact , the spy who shagged me is the exact opposite of the original ; instead of refreshing the audience with one clever parody after another , the filmmakers bombard us with used-up , tired jokes taken directly from the first one .
in the musical , it's a fun , energetic sequence , culiminating in the show stopper , " buenos aires , " which is also lifeless .
almost all of the rest of the movie is her narration of the past .
an unfocused performance that should have been reigned in and / or better written .
the production is set on mars in 2176 , where humanity looks for relief from the overpopulation strangling their home world .
i was somewhat surprised , therefore , to discover that i liked afterglow .
by all means not the pinnacle of the star wars phenomena but an adequate addition to the clan .
the pacing of the film tends to be numbingly slow , which tends to undermine any suspense which might be built up .
there's nothing impressive about them , yet they complement the story well .
in a near miracle , the wife drags herself to the kitchen and prepares a quick meal , then brings it to her awaiting family .
the coalition he created soon starts to fall apart as the former belgian masters continue to exert influence on the struggling nation as they strive to maintain economic hold on the country's vast natural resources of copper , diamonds , gold and more .
it's here that he meets his friends , the array of uninteresting characters : his co-worker , greg ( brecklin meyer ) , his wife , anita ( salma hayek ) , and , of course , the love interest , julie black ( neve campbell ) .
she shows great strength while allowing other emotions to glimmer through - discomfort at challenging reese in his gay disco ( named the deep end ) , near panic at having to dive down to his body to retrieve car keys , or even wry humor when an attempt to get help from jack becomes hopelessly miscommunicated .
in fact , i enjoyed myself for most of its brief running time , despite the dreadful acting and a completely incomprehensible story .
on the more dreamy side , the film is filled with romantic scenes that are simply effervescent to behold , especially one in which edward enters into the hotel's lounge to see vivian turn around and not only reveal her marvelous cocktail dress , but also her inner ( and outer ) glowing beauty .
but cusack really does deserve an award , for being so damn ? ? ? cusackian .
but " metro " is one of the best action films in a while .
and with most fans of this movie , this is proved to be a rather easy task , although at times the graphic images , violence , and language may seem a bit overpowering .
while the final half hour is not beyond the realms of possibility , it's unlikely in a way that is jarring to someone caught up in the world of the film .
i like it .
eric roberts as bubba rocque , always believable as the woman-abusing bad guy who knows how to box ( see final analysis , coincidentally also directed by phil joanou ) is believable here as the woman-abusing bad guy who knows how to box .
this is one feature in which the expectations lived up to the pre-release hype .
but the movie far from the eye popping delights of the quick and the dead , instead raimi has made a more constrained film -- which probably is for the better .
thematically in cinema , love for family has been used frequently and emphatically to highlight more abstract aspects of characters ; it is rare , however , for it to develop as outstandingly as it does in roberto benigni's neo-classic drama , life is beautiful .
if they are property , who do they belong to ?
he gives a fantastic and devastatingly deep performance here .
flash to the campus of a smalltown ohio college , where returning characters sidney ( neve campbell ) and randy ( jamie kennedy ) have relocated for their studies and to escape the notoriety from the events in the first film .
a possible date could be obtained from any world almanac . ]
>from its opening shot to the closing credits , the gingerbread man is permeated with a sense of dread , with a fear of the natural destructive forces of the universe .
the story is loosely based around the pro football players' strike in 1987 and a rag-tag team of replacement football players taking up the reins of professional play for a variety of teams with names like the washington sentinels .
otherwise , planet of the apes is what a summer movie should be : an amusement park ride filled with lots of action , stunts and a few laughs .
they did an incredible job and come oscar time ( if they remember ) some notice better be thrown there way .
it is here that the film starts to reveal just who is being honest with each other and who has their own hidden agenda .
it tells the story of jude ( christopher eccleston - the psychotic accountant from " shallow grave " ) - a simple , dim-witted young man with big dreams .
" wing commander ? "
but wallace's actions paint a different story .
the film follows a band of wannabe superheroes living in a wannabe gotham city who are ridiculed by their fellow citizens and villains because of their clumsiness and failure to save they day and capture the bad guy .
but what's funny about a paraplegic girlfriend who gets turned on by having her legs caned or a skateboarding injury that results in an exposed kneecap ?
overall , i can recommend it simply as great entertainment .
if anything i've written so far is a surprise to you , then i pity you for making me a primary source for your entertainment news .
plot twists are one thing , repetition is almost unforgivable , and this is dang near as unforgivable as any movie i've seen in the past five years .
they add up to zip , because they're not happening to people we care about .
bollocks !
after some script gymnastics , g appears live on the air at the good buy shopping network , wreaking havoc on the cheesy product demonstrations , enraging network owner mr . mcbainbridge ( loggia ) , and becoming a national media sensation .
there's an amusing , tongue-in-cheek bit of product placement ( which doesn't really make much sense , but i appreciated the sentiment ) , as well as some supermarket-related hijinx ( " he's in aisle 1 ! "
with her maternal instincts working overtime , margaret quickly ferries the body out into the lake , weighs it down , and dumps it overboard .
shelton's films are not considered sports films , but they do heavily revolve around a specific game to tell a story .
there's a hilarious running joke featuring a female doctor who previously worked at hooters , and the film features passable performances from sandler , joey lauren adams ( as the love interest ) , and the two young boys , but the film on the whole is trite and disappointingly unfunny .
first they rob two foreigner's of their money and cloths , and set up a midnight rendezvous .
in light of america's recent intervention in kosovo , welcome to sarajevo is a reminder of the horror america and the world ignored for years .
unfortunately , it doesn't seem as though screenwriter jon bernstein spent more than a drunken weekend watching real " jerry springer " reruns to complete his script , leaving us with a boring film , featuring no laughs , one-dimensional characters , and no fun whatsoever .
or . . .
it's a great performance .
yum . . . but
what can i say . . . i
they both seem to have shown that as proven actors they could survive in this film of weak links .
but don't do that with a movie with the potential of this one .
keener's character has a stronger edge , but the insult self-defense class ( taught by denis leary , no less ) she is stuck in makes little sense .
anderson is equally good , and paralyzingly beautiful ; she's also a strong actress .
little does england know that a young woman named elizabeth ( cate blanchett ) will be their greatest hope for survival .
fred ramsden ( windsor davies ) and ernie bragg ( jack douglas ) leave their wives ( liz fraser and patricia franklin ) behind for a fishing holiday .
it's set in london , and it opens as model kate rebuffs sexual advances by a wealthy american shopper , vanni .
i laughed at the john goodman character barry ( jack black ) , an exact replica of the comic bookstore owner on the simpsons , pudgy , egotistic , and obnoxious at the same time .
guess who wins ?
she overacts terribly in the early establishing scenes of her character ( it's apparently a rule in the batman series that before a person becomes a villain , s/he must be a cartoonish , bumbling nerd ) .
" not much , what are you up to ? "
the script by eric bernt and john jarrell is not focused in such a way that we can care about the characters or the situations they are in .
but get somebody to write up a movie featuring that lazy cop played by pullman and i'm there !
more specifically , it follows the exploits of dade murphy , a young computer hacker played by jonny lee miller .
unfortunately , an alien pod had been deposited in their ship , and wound up triggering off their ejection in an escape pod .
picture perfect also makes the mistake of being _wayyyyy_ too long at 100 minutes , and expecting us to like aniston's character , who comes off as a cold , spoiled bitch .
but although disney's motives in the reissue of the little mermaid were self-serving and protectionist , the real winner is the public .
parasitic aliens take over the faculty of a run-down high school and soon have infested most of the student body , leaving it up to the ensemble of principal characters to win the day .
there are no huge explosions , shattering glass or computer-generated dinosaurs to distract from the very real human issues .
the actor that i most enjoyed seeing in " metro " was michael rapaport , who plays roper s new partner , a lip-reading , book-skimming genius , and a master of observation .
unfortunately , while october sky focuses on homer , the other three kids get the short end of the stick .
ripley finds this a chance to be the mother she never had the opportunity to become , and she becomes newt's surrogate mother .
we sadly watch two families go about their lives nearly oblivious to one another .
that he is depicted as a monster creating another monster , much like frankenstein was created , is the argument skewed by the director against his bad science ( science as a business ) as opposed to the good science ( science that cares about the small farmer ) , which is represented by the handsome and almost perfect gentleman , alex vine ( david ) , a young ecologist who chooses to work in the field , trying to get the farmers to go back to organic farming .
it's as though anything that may have been construed as " fun " was purposely expunged from the production .
marty and lisa and a handful of their promiscuous , profane , and stoner friends , plus a recruited hit man ( ? ) , lure bobby to a swamp one night , stab him , beat him over the head with a baseball bat , and dump him into the canal where the sand crabs and the gators , presumably , finish him off .
we must not ever forget them as many gave the ultimate sacrifice , their lives so that we may live in freedom today .
max has an easy job for bobby ; fly to new york and make a simple delivery to a gangster named ruiz ( a smooth and silky sean combs ) .
is less of a letdown than it could be , and knowingly offers a wink and nod at past unmasking scenes .
this is just one way director john mcnaughton fails to make this movie as fun as it could've been .
we trust nasa to build space shuttles ? )
oh , and even more celebrities continue to appear .
on the whole , it was lame , included a slew of unlikable characters fiddling around in a pool of unfunny lines , and very little of interest for any target audience .
all in all , a rather enjoyable movie with nearly non-stop action .
instead , they got john r . leonetti , the cinematographer for the original mortal kombat .
most all the action is plausible and will hold you at the edge of your seat .
usually all you can get out of me is a warm smile , so to get me laughing out loud , and so frequently , is a really good sign .
and that was the reason they found such an enviable cult following ; in spite of bad special effects , horrible dubbing , and a man in a lizard suit , they maintained a certain degree of . . . how to put this ? . . .
pitting himself against the communities most respected names and authoritarians , sam must prove his innocence thru the aid of his makeshift defense attorney , ken bowden , played by bill murray .
this is the typical van damme movie , with jean-claude doing a variety of high end martial arts moves on his opponents .
in any case , i didn't find " supernova " as bad as the advance buzz would have me believe .
looking almost identical to his penguin in batman : returns , every time he appeared on the screen i had to shake my head in disbelief .
frankly , he had more charm in the devestating flop the newton boys .
jack lemmon , an excellent actor , just can't do shakespeare .
she just popped up on screen , mumbled some lines , smoked and left .
the protagonist of the movie is jack ( played by jeff fahey ) , yacht skipper that falls madly in love with christina ford ( played by bo derek ) .
verhoeven and ezsterhas deserve credit for trying to break ground , but if it's adult entertainment you want , stay home and watch the playboy channel .
intended to be a rousing " indiana jones " style adventure , " tomb raider " lacks any sense of tension .
tenderness ? in a quentin tarantino film ?
only a real zippy sequence involving frying morgan fairchild's face seems to have any interest in the movie .
comments : to say this movie is bad would be quite an understatement .
upon arriving at the theater during the opening credits , i took my seat and prepared myself for what appeared to be " hellraiser meets the crow " .
i wish the villains weren't quite so " generic " ( leftover g-men from looking for a sweet sci-fi actioner with plenty of stop-motion swooping camera angles and , of course , a motherlode of a helicopter explosion .
frakes showed similar aptitude for direction in first contact ; insurrection is an exciting film , with some really attractive special effects and a lot of good action .
summer catch borrows situations and stylings from other baseball movies , such as bull durham and the natural .
the only unexpected occurrence is the way the final battle between brothers is played out , which is anticlimactic and disappointing .
maybe it's that , her body , which gets her into the big-time when the star of the " stardust hotel " , crystal connors ( gina gershon ) stops into the strip club ( it certainly isn't her brains or pleasant disposition ! ) .
it is a disturbing and often compelling study of the central character's psychological disintegration .
jason schwartzman , his face oddly intriguing behind those large braces and glasses , steals the show as max fischer , the most well known rushmore academy student who gets terrible grades , but compensates for it by organizing most of the school's clubs and organizations ( i . e .
this dude has maybe two lines in the entire movie , but he establishes his presence through his amazing moves with his double-sided lightsaber , and his scary facial makeup .
i like to think that levinson and hoffman , recognizing how uninspired this movie was likely to be , chose to make wag the dog as a sort of penance ( the low-budget picture was filmed during sphere's lengthy pre-production phase ) .
well , whatever it is , you'd sure as hell hope that it would be a thousand times better than this shoddy attempt at such a melange , considering the disastrous results we're left with here .
the sinking is depicted realisticly , and the effects are truly amazing .
it's not as outlandish as the trailers make out ; instead , this remarkable film focuses on the effects external influences have on the friendship between two boys ( schoolboy chums in real life ) , allowing us to empathize with their plight in the presence of extraordinary behavior .
they are impossible to take seriously .
and , as i said earlier , it's the funniest movie of the year thus far .
it's a movie .
what drama ! !
his singing is very good , though nothing compared to the original , mandy patinkin .
that dragon's comedy shtick is awfully cloying , but at least it shows signs of a pulse .
i enjoyed it even more when it was titled " close encounters " .
after returning to jean-luc picard ( patrick stewart ) and the gang on their space ship , no one can understand why data was somehow taken over by another force .
i tried hard not like this movie without succeeding .
( that's exactly what mj used to wear all the time ! ) .
many of the film's most pointed messages arise from discussions where groeteschele is one of the key voices .
kate may be the best actress in her age group ( if you don't believe me , see " titanic , " branagh's " hamlet , " " sense and sensibility , " and " heavenly creatures , " the latter one being my favorite performance of hers ) .
of course , it doesn't hurt that this film comes from one of my favorite directors , james cameron , who is unarguably the greatest action director of all time .
i don't think that america will ever actually recover from what this hurricane of a film has caused .
the scenes are skillfully crafted and executed with amazing accuracy and poise .
.
the acting is below average , even from the likes of curtis .
but they're * chickens * , so it's funny to us .
despite his sloshed viewpoint , tomas recognizes that the apple hasn't fallen very far from the tree .
the overall scenario is not without promise and several plot twists ( such as the revelation that the enormous craft is actually an american space ship , apparently from the future ) offer intriguing possibilities .
the whole film is like that .
jakob the liar deals with too delicate a subject for such fumbling , and has too compelling a central character to waste .
so , if tom green screams in an empty theater , does he make a sound ?
she will not even allow him to wish them " merry christmas " by telephone .
mirren is easily the best reason to keep watching .
as with these , breakdown does not , for the most part , stray down the conventional path of the american action-thriller .
but then again , pets are always cute on screen .
where's joblo coming from ?
set in sarajevo 1992 and based on actual events , this picture examines the human and societal casualties of war .
schwarzenegger does not deserve billing over clooney , or as much money as he got for this , but hollywood thinks he does .
the story opens with eric ( played by trevor morgan ) and friend parasailing near the forbidden island of isla sorna off costa rica .
his guardian angel is there , and shows him that . . . it's
beatty stars as senator jay bulworth , who's going through a nervous breakdown .
also included on the disc as extras : a decent making-of featurette , an isolated score track , talent files for the cast and crew , and the film's original theatrical trailer ( as well as trailers for wolf , men in black , bugsy and as good as it gets ) .
the camera is almost always looking over the shoulder of our heroes so we feel as if we are right there with them when they open a door or climb a hill .
this film is set up as a cross between james bond and depalma's " blow out , " where the john travolta character was the victim of real and imagined conspiracies from all directions .
many things are explained throughout this film , both to the characters and to the audience .
the first glimpse we get of titanic is the ship in its present state , corroding slowly away under the hammering pressure of the north atlantic , from the window of a minisub piloted by treasure hunter brock lovett ( bill paxton ) .
michael jai white , a relative newcomer to theatrical releases , seems to be an appealing actor , and he handles his role adequately , but we see little of him without various masks on .
the cast of characters making up felix's new-found family are nearly as charming as the star , each in their own way .
the teen comedy resurgence of late has been surprisingly good in terms of comedy .
the costumes and sets are incredible , and true to the time period .
that's it , i've said enough about this movie .
the psychlos reminded me of a cross between jamaican basketball players with bad teeth and bloated hands and klingon extras working the star trek convention circuit .
frank darabont , who masterfully followed a prisoner's story in " the shawshank redemption " , this time follows the perspective of a prison guard , paul edgecomb ( tom hanks ) .
clue is available on dvd from paramount home video .
there is so much crap derived from this premise , despite the fact it's virtually identical to the plot in look who's talking !
the other major thing to appreciate about " frequency " is the handling of the father-son relationship .
beverly insists the family stay together , so they hop in the mini-van and tear off into the desert .
synopsis : eccentric millionaire price offers $1 , 000 , 000 to each of his guests who appear at a gathering at a former sanitarium .
it turns out that the bomb was planted to kill the boy , and mulder and scully uncover the cover-up despite the fact that scully has resigned from her position in the fbi .
the really big thing about " drunken master " , though , that inspired several copycats ( including a couple starring jackie himself ) and a sequel fifteen years later , was the drunken-style kung fu .
in recent years , there has been a trend in the field of fantasy : writers have been revisiting the fertile world of myth and fairy tale and reclaiming that world , investing it with new life and energy .
the mission goes horribly wrong however , and as a result , mcconaughey and only a handful of his crew ( as well as a captured german ) become trapped aboard the u-571 in enemy waters .
" mathematics is the language of the universe , " insists genius protagonist maximillian cohen ( sean gullette ) in a cool , mantra-like voice-over which repeats throughout the picture .
they are trying to catch what they believe to be a dangerous murderer , yet they constantly start up small talk with each other , making funny wisecracks and one-liners , but not in any kind of distracting manner .
two mysterious and exceedingly clean-cut writers for a magazine show up to take pictures of the family for a spread on the " average american family , " but their interest is focused on uncle charles , especially on taking his picture and learning about his background .
well , maybe that's not true .
something lightweight striving to be something sophisticated through clever wordplay .
she also knows that he was having an affair with a sophisticated woman from london , honey ( quick ) .
then again , i don't suppose any performer could handle the uneven material without looking incredibly stupid .
on seeing the outrageous previews for bulworth one wonders what plot could possibly allow beatty get away with making those statements ( in case you missed it , warren beatty plays a politician on the campaign trail .
yes , after 57 years ripley has sex .
their resolution to the obligatory " whodunit ? "
it is likely that those pouring into the theater to see this film are going to be those anxious to partake of tarantino's quirky dialogue and eccentric directing style , and not so much those interested in seeing a silver screen adaption of elmore leonard's novel " rum punch " .
and then there is hopkins , who despite playing such a quiet , introspective character as ted , nonetheless commands our attention every time he is onscreen .
the only way i would've seen humor in that is if they were still in it .
his relationship with his dutiful girlfriend , jules ( amy smart ) , is threatened and there's a big game at the end .
you've got to work pretty hard , actually , to not get an audience to become involved in the parents' plight , since their children are dead , but that is exactly what " a civil action " does .
both actresses fare better than neeson , who looks embarrassed to be a part of this ensemble ( and for good reason ) , and his character is the most bland .
the rather simple plot of the thin red line is used as a canvas on which many stories are painted .
the final moment involving the two characters is heartfelt and emotional .
.
but when murphy puts his bitter feelings on 3 , 000 movie screens across the country , it's another matter altogether .
weaving together a grabbag of seemingly unrelated characters , herzfeld's tries very hard to keep the audience guessing with a altmanesque series of parallel stories .
as it is , i found american history x to be an extremely good film , not just because of tony kaye's focused look at the touchy subject of racism , but because of a powerful , charismatic performance from edward norton .
the film starts out with mel smiley and his cohorts doing a job on a white slaver .
it is a pleasant change of pace from movies that take themselves seriously .
and lest we forget teri hatcher's role in all this , this being her rather well-publicised paid vacation from playing lois lane on tv's " adventures of lois & clark " . . .
david spade could have filled the role with cynicism and sarcasm .
the moral of the story is that hope is the best medicine .
* * * pretty good , bring a friend .
it is merely used to launch the most twisted story of recent time .
there are plenty of familiar faces throughout twilight , in addition to newman , hackman and sarandon .
don't credit carrey .
it begins with jim carrey looking into a mirror , reciting the crucial " eat me " scene from alive , wishing his neighbors a good day , afternoon and evening , and living in domestic bliss with his wife ( laura linney ) .
things get even more complicated when she develops feelings for young cabalistic scholar ariel ( eric thal ) .
leguizamo does a satisfactory job in the role , but he is seen far too often in the film .
julie bowen ( happy gilmore ) is suitably fetching as werewolf meat .
here lies another crucial flaw in the story : doesn't anyone realize you can copy a tape ?
when her girls and her are robbed by turpin , she is determined to catch him and helps the reverend to find the culprit !
_itcom_ cost a paltry $30 , 000 .
[pg-13]
the thing that disappointed me was the fact that there was nothing to the film .
the atmosphere is very dark and forboding , creating a kind of cool weird feeling .
and hopefully audiences will too .
off-screen he speed reads books on any academic subject that interests him .
to make matters worse , the buffoons that go hunting vampires are all rednecks , and deserve to have their heads bitten off , if not , their bodies carved in half .
some movies seem sloppy and careless , clearly made for a quick buck .
films like this generally get me wondering about the brass in hollywood again .
okay , so where do i start ?
the good news is that we were smart enough to vote with our feet and left .
kate winslet as hamlet's lover ophelia , does an outstanding job demonstrating the character's plummet to the depths of dispair and madness .
the two very important characters , montgomery and dr . moreau himself receive no development at all and it is in this area that the script fails miserably .
a good critic should be able to view the film from the " average joe ( or jane ) " viewpoint , while still taking into account the artistic integrity behind the film .
although his sister , who thinks she is jackie-o , is certifiably insane , marty fits right in with the rest of this highly dysfunctional family in the witty black comedy the house of yes .
and also like ted does in all of his reviews , i'll try to review this in a way different from my usual reviews and instead write as casually as possible as if i was talking directly to you , the reader .
the jokes are right out of " mchale's navy " and other cut-rate sitcoms of the past .
- the morgue attendant was just adding a new form of sex to his collection of kinks .
it is filled with above-the-title stars .
actually , there's a couple of pretty good jabs at the spice girls .
but in the end it shows out that this is actually happening .
there's a flying car , flubber-enhanced basketball game and an assortment of broken lab equipment : none of which are the least bit interesting or funny .
sean connery stars as a harvard law professor who heads back into the courtroom , by way of the everglades , to defend a young , educated black man ( blair underwood ) .
" the wrong trousers , " for example , pulled out a lot of old hitchcockian suspense tricks , and " a close shave " owed a great deal of inspiration to classic detective stories .
useless ) advice , but he speaks so slowly as if to simulate infinite wisdom .
it follows the girls as they travel here and there , culminating at their " first live performance " at albert hall .
seriously , this idea--a psycho bumping off people in the style of urban legends--is a great one and i wish it could have been pulled off .
now instead of rob just talking to the camera , after he explains something , the remaining cast members physically and humorously create what he is trying to say .
and co-star kevin kline is attached to the project , as well as a substantial budget to spice up the special effects .
it's been said before , but i'll say it again--these fights don't just _happen_ , they're as carefully choreographed as any ballet performance , and it shows .
it's not that anyone's bad here ; it's that they have nothing to do .
in the end he degenerates to chasing annie around for a hostage , even though he already has the money and can escape . . . . bang
it's a shame , too , because the good count was probably the most frightening out the old b-movie monsters .
maybe the pressures of the 90 screaming fans at the football field drove evil coach kilmer evil .
i got it .
" gladiator " begins in germania in a . d . 180 .
as well , she seems awfully agile for a woman that is eight months pregnant .
halle berry is decorative and lovely as gabriel's assistant , while don cheadle is given little to do as the head fbi agent hunting gabriel .
and the story is so formulaic , it could have been written by monkeys .
rupert everett is entertaining as the maniacle claw .
piano duel ?
he proved it for me all right , but the reasons i enjoy this film go way beyond that .
rating=
there was something especially compelling about the nature of his voice .
the comedy was easy to spot , but it wasn't the least bit funny .
secondly , the delay between when the film itself ends and one of the endings begins is too long and too obvious , thereby becoming a distraction right when you definitely don't need a distraction .
dastardly col . mekum ( jason isaacs ) with a pencil-thin mustache is as real as snidley whiplash .
margaret is a devoted mother who is willing to risk everything to protect the ones she loves , and swinton captures every frustration , every fear , every subtle examination and every fervent realization and every nervous oscillation of her being .
but he delivers them very well .
unfortunately , her problems only get worse as the night goes on and the body count rises without explanation .
something bad happens to them .
but it is also a piece of the narrative of legendary chinese film hero wong fei-hong , most recently seen in one of the most overlooked , and possibly best films of 2000 , drunken master 2 ( released in the u . s . as the legend of drunken master ) .
the next morning , a dewy blonde ( naomi watts ) from deep river , ontario , arrives in la with dreams of stardom in her suitcase .
it contains parts of bringing up baby , any hepburn/tracy film , part of the plot of war games , cary grant and rosalind russell in his girl friday , elevator shaft action , train action , and murder .
-- http : //www . geocities . com/hollywood/academy/8034/
perhaps the film has a little more respectability because it was made not as a western but as a stylish british gangster film .
viewers of television's " in living color " know this one-man cartoon from such characters as fire marshall bill .
although kevin's career is taking off , his home life is not doing very well .
it also tended to be a bit confusing , especially at the start .
but none of these elevate the film any higher than it could go ; they're just little distractions along the way to amuse us mildly then toss us back into the world of dullness and stupidity that is " the jackal . "
corners are cut visually including touches like filling windows with photographs to avoid having to shoot on location .
it's the predictable storyline , the cardboard characters , the banal dialogue , the failed attempts at humor , the revolting special effects , the gratuitous nudity ( all female , of course ) , the bad acting , and the bland direction .
ignore the fact that it steals from pulp fiction and very bad things , and just sit back and enjoy the rollercoaster ride .
regretfully it's only a movie .
if the avengers has a saving grace , it's the set design .
maybe it's a classic case of displacement : it's easier to see jarvis' own lyrics ( obsessed with acrylic and wood chip on the wall ) as a fetishization of lowlife , rather than leigh's films .
there are references to " the great escape , " obviously , and " stalag 17 . "
ahh yes .
in space , no one can hear you scream .
there's a 1 , 000-foot tidal wave at the end of deep impact .
kenny , a poor kid who gets killed in every episode , and talks with his coat hood covering his head .
the film causes its audience to be subjected to such brutality and ignorance that one can't help but be disgusted by the events presented within .
every major character in this film is represented by a terrific acting performance by the actor .
in " payback " it was merely annoying , but in " gladiator " it bleaches the color out of the grand spectacles that are the raison d'etre of the roman epic .
he is wrong : the men make barbed little comments to each other , spoken like jokes , but with an undercurrent of fanaticism .
all through its production and into the early days of its initial , aborted pre-release publicity , hard rain bore the appropriate moniker of the flood .
revenue comes instead from product placement , a staple of contemporary hollywood , with truman's friends and relatives describing their consumer items in cheerful and optimistic tones .
fonda does the best she can with an essentially thin role , but there's nothing more to her , and therefore , she becomes a tossable addition to an otherwise flourishing bouquet of characters .
surprised me , was that the camera work ( for the opening sequence anyway ) was terrible .
in the scene prefacing the lynching , the mob achieves critical mass at the bar .
the only really funny scene is a dead-on parody of " the godfather " .
liverpool .
they just have a big problem with touching family films , and one should never pay attention to them .
first it has alan grant and ellie sattler ( laura dern ) back rather than the much less appealing ian malcolm .
- actual location shooting in mysore .
unlike the original play/movie , " odd couple ii " doesn't find its humor in the personality conflict of its characters .
bobby , because of his lifelong friendship with ricky , pleads with max to give his pal another chance and let him tag along to the big apple .
the 2 hours the film had could have been used to much greater effect .
directed by william malone .
but mother learns that her daughter has grown-up and is independent and that she has to stop living her life through her .
like its predecessor , scream 2 opens with a splashy , eye-grabbing prologue which only vaguely ties into the film's principal narrative ; this time around , we're following the exploits of a young couple ( jada pinkett and omar epps ) attending a riotously gleeful sneak preview screening of stab ( a running film-within-a-film gag where the " true life " events behind the first film has been turned into a movie ) .
it's probably inevitable that the popular virtual reality genre ( " the matrix , " " existenz " ) would collide with the even more popular serial-killer genre ( " kiss the girls , " " se7en " ) .
i don't know what movie the critics saw , but it wasn't this one .
this opening scene alone goes a long way to define the setting of the film and its bizarre , horrific tone .
i won't give away the ending , but -- honestly -- just think of unicorns and rainbows . . .
get me a cup of coffee .
they meet when hudson goes on a mission to steal a priceless book from the vatican , and their relationship escalates in interest from there .
however , to directly quote the film , he has " cash flow problems . "
make up something , m'kay ?
you'll also like the images of power and temptation expressed through the fleshy and flashy parties .
starring in the first ( and last ) five minutes of the film is hollywood's newest dramatic actor , jim carrey .
it's all flesh and bones , but no soul .
after saving the robot , nicknamed the iron giant , from electric shock , hogarth befriends the creature and takes him in as a pet of sorts .
miracle on 34th street ======================
they get on .
like the first film ( and perhaps in homage to it ) , there's a real penchant for dialogue which underlines the obvious .
here , they wish to expose her for what she is , but still show that despite all of her many drawbacks , her lying , and covering up for her fascist husband , but show that she was still a good woman with fairly good intentions , and her death was very sad .
odd couple ii feels terribly generic , where in the first movie , made thirty one years ago , feels like a wonderful tale .
a group of englishmen lead by the evil governor ratcliffe come to the new world in search of gold with no regard for the " savages " that live there .
one scene demonstrates this perfectly in which mike is told by a judge ( martin landou , in a perfectly cast and performed role ) that destiny is everything and yet nothing at the same time .
ryan is a blue-collar kind of guy .
you will also find a very good performance by ben affleck in his first real role since good will hunting ( no , armageddon doesn't qualify as real acting . ) .
kick boxing deaths and conflicted nuns are not the makings of a good comedy .
you're absolutely correct !
john robinson ( william hurt ) is the scientist leading a mission program to colonize a foreign planet .
you know it's a fable because she plays a copy editor at a newspaper who has her own office as well as a secretary .
funny !
oh yeah .
one of the most obvious is when he defeats maxime in squash .
thus begins a film which picks the wrong tone for every occasion .
this is grier's film , so why spend so long getting to know a man who will become more of a supporting character as the film progresses ?
the blame can't really be placed on the stars , though .
mankind has been become an endangered species thanks to the conquest of a race of aliens called the psychlos ( sounds like either the latest clown act from cirque de soleil or a white rap group ) .
seems a murderous crime boss ( eccleston ) with a fetish for wood ( insert your own joke ) hired brother kip to steal a ridiculous amount of expensive , exotic autos .
that is the story covered in surprising detail by the insider .
alright , what else was bad in this film ?
( and it took her no time at all to get a good-fitting , functional prosthesis . )
one of the characters ( schwarzenegger ) slips , and falls .
what went wrong ?
someone needs to tell pamela the wookie this ain't star wars .
much of the time wasted could've been used to build up the suspense and injected with drama .
it's utopia , this tiny town tucked away in the timberland of northwestern montana , where old codgers lounge on the porch of the general store to pass the time away and the local matchmakers ( nan martin , louise fletcher ) eagerly pair off the young people , regardless of sexual preference .
for instance , a teenage boy and girl leave a hotel room and minutes later we see the girl riding off on the back of a motorbike .
if you liked the previous films , rent this one .
a hapless rock group write a song about bubby and sing it for him and so give him the gift of community .
shane is just an innocent young fool in the beginning , and he has a reasonably sturdy home life .
they give their fans what they want and don't treat them like idiots .
he comes across a giant robot ( vin diesel ) from space that eats metal for food .
a cop movie ?
we begin by meeting a seemingly ordinary man living in an extremely dark and dirty city ( actually , it's more than just the city , it's the whole reality ) that isn't just that neo-gothic look ( a la `batman , ' `blade runner , ' ) , but is so fully developed it's almost a different genre completely .
the rest aren't any better .
late in the film there's a confrontation between all the main characters , and after a struggle one of the character's guns ends up underneath a car .
scream 2 isn't quite as clever as its predecessor , but it fills the gap with a cutting wit .
again .
and a rainstorm is like a giant flood , with each drop acting like a small bomb dropped at millions of miles per hour .
if the film has any flaws , one may find them in laura linney's characterization as meryl , truman's " wife " ( i doubt that betty crocker impersonation would fool anyone ) , and in a subplot involving truman's `father' , which feels curiously incomplete .
once darryl is shown without the use of all of the senses , instead of exploring any new comic territory , director penelope spheeris and screenwriters greg erb and craig mazin take the easy way out and simply recycle each form of senselessness .
downey jnr is ok as fbi agent john royce who's roped into the chase , and sexy french actress irene jacob wanders in and out of the movie as snipes wife .
in her first role following her oscar win for 1999's " boys don't cry , " hilary swank is excellent as the confused valerie , who seeks guidance from annie , but is too scared to take her biggest advice of all : to leave the grossly abusive donnie .
and well it should , as it is simply one of this years best .
on december 20 , 1996 , amidst all the year-end oscar bait releases from the major studios , miramax's genre label dimension films quietly released a sly little ensemble slasher flick titled scream .
strangely enough , i think that fans of the series will hate this movie while non-fans will have a good time .
it hits the bases by presenting the characters in a plot with good sets , but goes no further .
perhaps the fact that more of carrey's humorous side comes out during these scenes is what makes them so funny .
the male bumbling adult in _election_ ( matthew broderick ) pursues an extramarital affair , gets caught , and his whole life is ruined .
adam sandler isn't known for appearing in deep , thought-provoking films , but he's still a really funny guy .
so now you're probably wondering why i've wasted about 5 paragraphs with lame anecdotes from my junior high years .
when the deadline for this column nears , it's the only time during the week dishes get washed and the bed made and laundry done and plants watered and . . .
the stuff in the courtroom is recycled ninth-hand from other bad courtroom drama scenes .
that gave opportunity for kaufman to use multitude of great acting talents , until that specialised only for bit or character roles .
the film is notable in that it takes this very simple story line and creates a complex and intelligent character-driven vehicle filled with well-written dialogue , shades of motivation , and convincing acting by all the actors .
dolls tiffany and chucky get married and embark on a quest to reach a cemetery in new jersey , where a mystical gem might enable them to be humans .
" heartbreakers " is soulless , inept and , at 123 minutes , at least a half-hour too long .
if there is in fact an " austin powers 3 " , they should just kill off secret agent powers and put the emphasis on dr . evil and mini-me .
a very different carry on film , in that it is played more seriously by the actors and possesses more realism than any other carry on .
i hate to burst anybody's bubble , but " the sixth sense " isn't really a horror film .
he gets some corny speeches , a couple clever lines and that's it .
she is able to control it now as long as she doesn't drive a car , ride elevators , follow in dancing , and is the woman on top when making love .
when lance is seriously injured , mox gets his chance to shine and he runs with it , undermining kilmer with his unusual playing strategies .
part one of " the strangest movies ever made " series at www . mediajunkies . com
there is also a strange character called the cowboy ( monty montgomery ) adding to the confusion .
the film is about two individuals who have come together , spent a good chunk of their lives together , and shows when our main characters are " him " and " her " ( during the bad times ) , and when they are " us " ( during the good times ) .
plummer and wallace are such different types and wallace is too well-known for even so good an actor as plummer to play him convincingly .
it's extremely sad to watch althea literally wither away .
( respect the r , not for under 14's ) rating ----- stars .
somehow he ends up in their car and on their channel , a line-up of infomercial programs featuring the likes of betty white , morgan fairchild , and a slew of other celebrities and nameless figures .
one of the responses those that enjoy " detroit rock city " ( probably kiss fans , mostly ) might have upon first glance at the rating i've given the film might be something like : " oh , that casey's gone and become a jaded critic on us .
4 ) when an australian film only awards credit is best cinematography , watch out !
eddie murphy s mischievous trademark grin is hardly anywhere to be found in " metro , " and perhaps it is quite better off that way .
the other standout performance in the film is delivered by joaquin phoenix .
this is the most disappointing kind of film because it promises intelligence and complexity , because it promises disection of a flawed character and perhaps even redemption , then pulls the rug from under us just as we were about to be convinced it would be able to go all the way .
intrigued by this statement , i looked up information on the film and found that , sure enough , life is beautiful is in fact a comedy about the greatest atrocity of the last thousand years .
but i give fair warning that i will reveal the ending , which does not do the rest of the film the justice it deserves .
another essential element of goodfellas is large but superb collection of great acting talents .
of course , that isn't really saying much .
sexy beast is a very and familiar minor plot lent respectability in the us by being done in what is here a still somewhat novel genre , the london crime film .
why she is killed is one of the surprises of the film , and i don't plan on spoiling that in this review .
living in 1930's italy , he lives a carefree life of good fortune ; it is made even better when he happens upon a pretty schoolteacher named dora ( nicoletta braschi ) .
there is no urgency to the situation ; little tension or laughs are involved .
step two in making your movie as easily forgotten as possible : gary sinise's villain dresses and looks like the most standard movie crook a filmmaker could have some up with .
i feel that it would have spoiled the mood of the entire film if they had actually shown her splash into the molten iron .
briefly meeting as pre-teens and now attending the same college , the two bump into each other so many times that eventually they become best friends .
audio is mono dolby digital , and the video is fair to good for a film like this .
as delightful as it was , it began to get monotonous .
" when will the devil take me ? " he asks rhetorically in lulling voice over .
opinion : sometimes a film is plot driven .
the most common ( and in many cases the only ) complaint against francis ford coppola's 1972 masterpiece the godfather is glamorising of mafia , which is presented as an institution guided by ancient tradition and virtues like honour , loyalty and solidarity more suitable for some gentler , kinder ages .
it might be his background -- in his previous movies , goofy was the goal .
something sounds horribly wrong already .
as our faster than light travelling " heroes " arrive on planet , they drop onto the planet , and burst our of their craft brandishing . . .
opening , the film starts with the opening yellow crawl that features in every star wars movie and computer game .
despite all his eccentric mannerisms , though , hauer always manages to let the human side of his character shine through .
now while i applaud the effort of paramount here , as they clearly tried to do something special with the disc , it just doesn't work well .
as you can see from the rating it did not do very well from me at the toronto international film festival .
what a shame it is to see such a gifted actress as theron - oscar-worthy in " the devil's advocate " - struggle with the lamest rip-off of a screendom classic in recent memory .
the x-files is the film that continues the story where the season finale left off .
the only real scenes of value were the tree full of heads , and the fight between the horseman , depp and casper van dien .
the first two faces are completed .
the main problem though is that it's just not funny .
fichtner's character is terribly underdeveloped - we don't know what he's doing there , where he's from , or who he's supposed to be .
he and spader share sexual chemistry in several scenes , foreshadowing a later scene .
nurse betty signals the unofficial end of that dreadful summer movie season and the commencement of a potentially brighter fall movie season , that battery-charging ( at least for critics who have to sit through every piece o' shit that moseys into multiplexes ) time of year when all those oscar contenders ( read : " quality " films ) compete for audiences .
last year's equally noodle-headed " species ii " spun a similar premise about the breeding habits of an extraterrestrial on earth , but at least that movie more or less knew it was garbage .
it is not good cinema , not good storytelling , and not even stupid fun : it's so cynically , calculatedly bone-headed that even the least demanding members of the audience i was with were alternately bored and revulsed .
instead , he uses intimidation to muscle his way forward , cycling through this circle of suspects .
the pied piper ( czechoslovakia , 1986 ) director : jim barta screenwriter : kamil piza
the second punch comes from gal's past .
writers : dennis feldman and jonathan hensleigh ( based on the comic book by chuck pfarrer )
based on the book by author james ellroy , l . a . confidential is probably one of the best piece of work produced by hollywood in recent years .
in an ultra conservative backwoods town will her testimony based on her psychic visions hold up in court ?
based on this film , i don't know how he got a job in the business .
the story is usually of the reformed outlaw , a robert taylor type , who has hung up his guns and is trying for a life of peaceful respectability .
however , where the film errs is by not playing up the idea of memory versus the human heart as to what makes a person who he or she is .
and there's not much else i can say about this movie , folks .
maybe it's unfair that i partly judged this movie on what my expectations were .
but somewhere between principal photography and the final cut , shane was defanged and quite literally straightened out ; consequently , so was the film .
they seem to all want to be thought of as businessmen , in the business because it is the easiest way for them to make big money .
running time : 117 minutes
what separates " rounders " from most other films about games is the fact the challenge and the skills are more important than winning in the end .
it becomes fun .
screwed perfectly suits the latter description .
he has potential he hasn't fulfilled -- yet , he has done so much for others .
everything blows up and occasionally it looks cool .
woody and wesley star ( maybe that's not the right word ) as new york city transit authority police .
" goodbye , lover " sat on the shelf for almost a year since its lukewarm reception at the cannes film festival last may , and one look will tell you why .
mostly it's laughable .
mr . bentley's performance is the one troublesome note in the film .
jay and silent bob strike back runs a lightening fast 1 : 35 .
other than a few nice visuals , there's nothing to recommend the picture .
just checking .
what the hell has happened to all good american action movies ?
it really shows the complexity of a relationship , because nothing is ever perfect .
before the remake of psycho appears , we've got to suffer through this remake of an earlier hitchcock film , dial m for murder .
" amistad " succeeds at least partly with all three of these elements .
the people vs . larry flynt is the story of larry flynt's fight for the freedom to circulate and sell his pornographic magazine , hustler .
if you have not then i will not spoil it for you , let's just say that due to recent events mulder should be " showering " godzilla instead .
this eerie opulence remains a dazzling display of showmanship throughout the entire film - there's even something macabre about the way khondji photographs a rustic , seemingly innocent new england autumn - but if there ever was a film that didn't deserve so good a polish , it's this one .
they're all sailing in a typhoon one lovely evening when they stumble across an enormous , abandoned russian satellite ship in international waters .
this film starts off in the tradiational noir style , introducing us to the underworld of modern gambling where the stakes are high and so is the price for losing .
as the film opens up , expectant unwed mother sally ( played by drew barrymore ) encounters her baby's father in a fast food drive-through window .
i just saw him in get shorty the other day and thought about how perfect he was for that role .
having said that , though , i still cannot deny the film its merits .
those that are familiar with hong kong action know that even though the films are fantasies and are as removed from reality as any anime or cartoon .
why ?
masterful comedy director frank oz ( dirty rotten scoundrels , in and out ) , who has never made a bad movie , ensures a quality final product and is aided immensely by martin's sharp-edged script .
it's original ( though it has many ties to " the twilight zone " and owes some homage to hitchcock ) , and impressively eerie for a television show .
the stark suffering of the africans is contrasted sharply with the shallow luxury of the politicians , such as president van buren and queen isabella of spain , whose naval officers were involved in the legal dispute and who was only a small child at the time .
younger ( by three years ) brother freddy's internment at the institute for sexually abused children does nothing but confirm one's worst fears regarding the film's title and green's infamous 'handling' of a real horse , while not nearly as shocking as it would seem , doesn't make sense .
jane horrocks delivers a lovely voice characterization as tragically optimistic babs ( a hen that runs away with most of the best one-liners , all while perpetually crocheting a sweater ) , and two supply-trading rats that seem to have walked straight out of a monty python sketch nearly steal the show during the lively central swing-dancing sequence .
i dunno .
fang is an upper middle class professional who enjoys jogging and argues with his boss .
again , as in the tradition of vietnam war films , full metal jacket can be debated as to whether it is an anti-war film or not .
here's a concept -- jean-claude van damme gets killed within the first ten minutes of the movie .
something holds him back .
reportedly , the film was originally slated for a direct-to-video release , but after seeing the improvements that had been made , disney rightly decided to release it into theaters .
i never was really emotionally involved on screen because most of the characters are hardcore criminals whom i really could care less about .
wild things is easily one of the five dumbest movies to arrive in theaters during the first eleven weeks of 1998 .
and this invites me to mention last year s " the nutty professor , " which was his blessed revival back to the position at which he used to be .
this presents two problems : a ) they haven't received a penny in royalties and b ) nerds on the internet ( " what's the internet ? " )
thanks to cameron's direction , then , the audiences attention is held for the full 3 hours 15 minutes .
it's supposed to be a thriller , but the plot is dead on its feet , and ultimately arbitrary ; it's only put into the movie to jerk us around .
and at least it's all in the spirit of the ultimate powers of good versus evil in a fun and exciting matter .
with settings that shift from paris to venice to montreal to manhattan to scotland , supporting characters that include a topless goddess and a deaf/mute , and cultural references that point to chopin , george sand , and jim morrison , tectonic plates is unique , if nothing else .
the happy bastard's 30-second review
when carolyn praises her daughter after a performance by her cheerleading team ( " i'm so proud of you , honey .
the end result is an entertaining low key law movie where the good guys win , and rudy narrates his way into coming of age .
there are some honest and decent performances by an almost unknown cast and harald klose's moody musical score that is at in right place at the right time .
how fun !
or the ham-on-wry acting of michael douglas , who chews more scenery than the animals ever do ? ?
the preview looked good and of course i'm crazymadinlove with alicia , but the movie was a bunch of bad jokes coming from whiny , unlikable characters .
almost as interesting as the character of elizabeth are shekhar kapur's visual delights .
when it ends , it leaves viewers a little saddened , but provoked nonetheless .
i can imagine some people liking this film when its characters talk about their " likes , dislikes , skills , and thrills , " but on the whole , it's pretty bad .
not quite the word i'm looking for .
america's sweethearts is the opposite of reality , a train wreck that tries to sell julia as a scruffy also-ran , presumably because she wears horn-rimmed glasses and used to be overweight ( uh-huh ) .
these guys are wholesome , clean-cut , model-citizens . . .
also , i'm afraid that immature men might respond to the film's violence .
if you've seen cliffhanger , you'll know stallone's character already .
wild things is a way to steam up an otherwise dreary early spring day ? provided , of course , that you're the victim of a frontal lobotomy .
the animation is first-rate .
breakdown is what hollywood doesn't make enough of , a great thriller with believable characters and scenes that do , indeed , have viewers on the edge of their seats .
for example , how can jackie shroff grow two feet of hair in just three or four days ?
taste test results : some vampire slaying , though out of place , would have really livened this excruciating movie up .
you'll start wondering why such actors as beacon and shue found themselves in such film in the first place .
crane is not a man of great superstition , and is determined to root out the human culprit with his assortment of gizmos and gadgets ( things i was not surprised to find in a tim burton movie ) .
there's a touching death .
and guess who's to blame ? !
the costume epic idea gives him a reason to appear in a different ridiculous outfit everytime he's on screen , the porn angle exists just so there can be a couple of stupid sex jokes .
no , he asks purposefully pointed questions and when powell dares to venture to another subject caulder says " we need to talk about this right now . "
the four friends , along with every woman porter's dallied with , all end up back in new york city somewhat happily ever after .
there are several times where he's in a tight situation and makes things worse for himself , the only explanation being that the filmmakers wanted to toss in a cheap thrill .
with director peter medak , whose previous credits include the good films let him have it and the krays , and top-notch character actors gary oldman and lena olin , they seemed likely to be a successful combination .
the role must have been really challenging for johnson since his character , jerry beck , is a gritty los angeles homicide detective , a real stretch from the slick vice detective johnson portrayed on " miami vice . "
" detroit rock city " doesn't quite reach that level of ineptitude , but it gets dangerously close .
crystal gets nomi onto the " stardust " team and , after an interminable amount of time , nomi " earns " the role of crystal's understudy .
so much for the moral of that story .
it's a very good ( and very creepy ) performance .
1900 comes off as a whiny , brooding , extremely unlikable man : i can't recall a single word he said that was not some sort of depressing pseudo- meditation on life .
and kyle a lonely jew who talks to his poop .
pacing of the film is simply too slow to thrill the viewers , and those patient enough to sit through its entirety have to wait a long time between any interesting or significant developments .
the film begins as amy ( mira sorvino ) , a stressed-out new york architect , decides to take some time off and travel upstate to the country .
it's somewhat silly , it's somewhat outrageous , and it's definitely not your typical romance story , but for the right audience , it works .
she's convicted of his murder , of course , and leaves her son matty ( benjamin weir ) with her best friend ( annabeth gish ) .
ok , here it is : we'll get tim allen to pull angry faces for about two hours or so !
they spoke little , but fought a lot .
the film joins an alread promising fall line-up of films and is well worth catching for the performances alone .
in fact , it was one big bore .
kerri green is very appealing as maggie , showing us why she cares about lucas so much and why he is so attracted to her .
after getting off to a slow start involving too much of williams' riffing , mrs .
rent the first one , but the sequel is for kombat fans only .
right up there with the lost world , godzilla is one of the biggest disappointments in recent cinematic history .
and in one key scene , the yellow floppy he holds is assumed to be the right disk without checking it and is further assumed never to have been copied .
as for the numerous battle scenes , they are expertly done .
during the film , i was generally too busy laughing .
this is a terrific film , both for fans of the series and for those who have never seen it ( i imagine that viewers unfamiliar with the show will find the film to be solid and riveting entertainment ) .
or is it just the fact that he sings songs with silly lyrics that bowl audiences over ?
a cop .
each of the stories builds to a fast-paced climax .
in the film version of his autobiography of the same name , stahl doesn't need saving , he needs someone who will sit there and listen to him go on about himself .
about an hour or so into " the jackal , " a character wandered around as people were being shot at in a big suspense sequence , and one of the audience members in the theatre i saw it in shouted out " i hope she gets killed now ! "
now it seems that claudia is about to make the same mistakes .
but deepa mehta's directon is assured , and the issues she addresses run deep .
an opening credits sequence -- where skin , nail and hair fragments fall in slow-motion through a colored camera lens -- displays these combined talents uncannily .
in that order , i conclude that it is pointless for me to even have written this review .
his character is also well-drawn , with an interesting subplot involving his girlfriend ( angela featherstone ) who is not happy with the extensive amounts of time he must spend away from her due to the unpredictability of his job .
or maybe a film in which a cheeky chihuahua called pepe longs to become a matador from trinidad ? ?
| now with search engine * * *
money talks is about a black ticket scalper named franklin hatchett ( played less annoyingly than expected by chris tucker ) .
if anything , fantastic bits like these dull the main plot's dramatic impact .
they tried to block it out , they tried to escape from the concerns of their world .
the songs are all very good yet twisted in their own way .
the grandma is an oversexed fiend who constantly talks of ways to pleasure her man and her sagging breasts .
when frank's brother gets himself killed in a drunk driving accident , frank , feeling all guilty and mushy inside , thinks foul play is involved and travels to seattle to set right all the wrongs with the patented " carter's way " .
this was nothing new .
diaz is a knucklehead .
it is an old plot dressed up to look new .
exposition : a simple one - a bellhop , ted ( the totally overdone tim roth , who's a god and all , but not in this one , though he has a couple good moments ) is working on new year's eve for his first shift ( ! ! ! ) in an old fancy hotel .
you know that as nasty as the murder suspect is he didn't actually do it .
a fairly skilled production designer and a few carpenters can manage such a task .
in sum , the faculty was just one long shot that did not pay off .
surprisingly , though spacey did a very convincing job as the street-wise vincennes , the movie was carried mostly by the two rather `unknowns' , pearce and crowe .
still , a good concept for the comedy , and the last five minutes are pretty funny .
the same thing happens with sex , although not in the same fashion .
wading through this gooey , detestable sludge is quite the chore for even a dedicated romantic .
apparently the two young stars were none too happy about this thing ever seeing the light of day .
the characters are well-defined in an oscar-worthy sense .
all of those definitely not worth spending hour and half of someone's precious time .
consequently , it is fortunate that their cast includes some of hollywood's finest character actors , such as bates , leigh and strathairn .
this is the sort of male-bonding foreign to bay or his producer , jerry bruckheimer , who throw too many characters into the mix and expect we'll care about them on the grounds that the world is about to end .
however this movie's execution is completely unacceptable .
asia argento's performance is by turns risky , awkward and fascinating .
watch stahl shoot heroin next to a baby !
the loveable eddie murphy charisma emerges only once or twice during the film .
a void where its imagination should be .
" we all have our secrets , " jackie-o tells her potential sister-in-law , and boy , does she have a few .
such a disappointment after such a brilliant start .
at the beginning of the movie , he is admiring an award the city has given him for his work , but he is soon confronted by vincent , a patient malcolm failed years earlier ( donnie wahlberg-former new kid-in an impressive cameo ) .
mark danvers evokes sympathy as ratty , the part-time gun smuggler who is also trying to help the community by building football fields and organizing block parties to bring people together .
also , the disc has two complete versions of the movie ( widescreen and full screen ) , both on the same side .
disaster films have a tendency to be very formulated and very cliched .
well now i know .
the most exciting thing to do in town is to fix cars .
unfortunately , titanic is not a best picture candidate .
it is just as real in its portrayal of high school , as its characters are in the real world .
there's as much meaning to be found here as there is to be found in your belly-button lint , although the latter may be more interesting .
none of these have any point to them and they're embarrassing to not only the writer/directors , but to the actors 'cause they're working with crap .
his hunger becomes an insatiable craving : the more he eats , the more he wants , and the stronger he becomes .
the classic adventure films like gunga din or king solomon's mines had under-written characters also .
a romantic comedy about the trials and tribulations of single working parents ?
the plot is fine- better than the movie deserves .
the opening scene has steve explaining the many virtues of zero's talents to soon-to-be client gregory stark ( ryan o'neal ) .
the classic struggle between good and evil is the inevitable backdrop , with advanced masters of each and a golden pupil , which must choose between the two .
the battle sequence is absolutely stunning , though you may have flashbacks to starship troopers , which contained a very similar sequence .
snake eyes is not a good mystery movie , but i had some questions : where's the manager , and how do i get a re-admit pass ?
at some level , the stereotypes that emerge can be called true .
a highly intelligent life form that is completely electronic in nature , beams itself onto a russian science vessel .
( well it's not as bad as wing commander i guess )
for the past four years , the gods of cinema--or the expansive payrolls of studio conglomerates--have allowed him to make one bad movie after another .
the film examines wigand and the pressures placed on his family as they are caught between two powerful giants .
a hunter , chosen because he just broke up with his girl and is at loose ends , gets sent to find the ape and finds a sort of female tarzan who controls the ape .
when he logs into his bank account and finds that he is only a few million dollars short of $50 million , he decides to carry out only one more mission , then retire .
fine period detail and a strong sense of humor are a plus .
in these three films he does an excellent job creating very detailed equal analyses of characters from the abused to the abusers .
for one , the movie's approach is interesting and not dripping with clich ? .
go is great fun , and a worthy follow up from the director of swingers .
any movie that kills emilio estevez off in the first fifteen minutes has something going for it .
pyle proves that not everyone is emotionally , physically , and mentally cut out for the life of a marine .
as the script advances and the andrea gail floats farther out into the waters , the crew continues to not feel human .
unsuccessful at her profession as a real estate agent , she drives herself into states of denial and self loathing that only feed her growing resentment towards her family .
director simon west ( yet another tv commercial auteur plucked by bruckheimer from the advertising equivalent of the schwab's soda fountain ) delivers exactly the kind of adrenaline/testosterone cocktail which could launch an endocrinology lecture ( it's perversely appropriate that one sympathetic con spends most of the flight nearing a diabetic coma ; like insulin , con air does the work of a gland ) .
" what ? "
the entire corps , although repeatedly hammered by sgt .
even stranger , the garbage barges appear to double as time machines .
roberto benigni is a clown in the tradition of chaplin and keaton .
basically , the soundtrack has earned the film a full half-star , which means all the bands involved can pat themselves on the back ( except for marilyn manson , whose half-hearted cover of ac/dc's " highway to hell " sounds like something my neighbor's cat coughed up ) .
outside of the laughably poor performances given by the actors portraying lawyers , the people sitting in the benches provide the silliest effort at drama in the film .
mary reilly ( julia roberts ) is a victim of monstrous child abuse and the anti-woman sentiment of the times .
then when it happens , we hold our breath .
his is a one-joke character-- the old foreign-guy-who-mispronounces-english stereotype ( did someone say yakov smirnov ?
but `the bachelor' falls far short of the requirements .
patrice lumumba's ( eriq ebouaney ) story has been told previously by helmer peck in his 1991 award winning documentary , " lumumba - death of a prophet , " virtually guaranteeing that his new , fictional account of a patriot remains true to its subject .
he also starts to lose control of his case .
in a move apparently designed to woo american ( and other english-speaking ) audiences , the film uses english as its primary language .
perhaps that is better than so many films that make it all to obvious what the audience should believe , but it is like watching a murder mystery and never finding out who the killer is .
the real star is lane .
she starts to tear away at the dynamic duo .
this is actually bad because you can't like a character if you can't develop sympathy for him .
i personally thought that this whole secret corporate world run by vampires to be a very clever idea , and a great addition to the movie .
that film , maybe above any animated film i've ever seen , encompassed almost true perfection in story , character , and wit .
a masterpiece compared to the first one , but still . . .
and if monday ain't looking like a pick-me-up , well , i've been known to give martha nell a call and say , " do me a favor , sweetheart .
get shorty is my kind of movie , one that mixes intelligent humor with action and violence .
this all gets tiring fairly quickly .
the transfer to dvd is rich and beautiful .
paul mcgann is just as good as any of the other seven guys who've played the doctor ( including his predecessor and off-screen friend sylvester mccoy , who appears once more for the regeneration scene ) .
the adult way that the romance is depicted by director irwin winkler is , no doubt , in respect to the real-life couple that the film was inspired by , who are still together after many years ( even though the setting of the film was changed to new york ) .
jack has become addicted to " feeding the hole " , a hole in the ground where he stores his payoff money .
the grand finale takes place on the roof of a tall building , and features a harrowing ( yawn ) scene where simon walks along the very edge of the building , not because he has to , but because it's more suspenseful that way .
shue's talent is barely seen , josh brolin is underused and the rest of the cast suffer mostly for the lack of talent .
once malcolm gains cole's trust , cole reveals his secret : he sees ghosts everywhere .
the cool of night offers no respite : the neighborhood is being terrorized by a nocturnal psychotic killer who calls himself the son of sam .
there's one actor , who will probably not be recognized by any awards , but who contributes greatly to many of the movie's best scenes and who deserves mention .
i was expecting patriotic music to start blasting and a show of fireworks in the background .
ray is good at martial arts , so when he has to beat up bad guys , there's no problem .
d+
" it's reverse racism , " he declares as he blows smoke into the faces of strangers but none of them says anything .
lawrence's script feints and dodges before reaching its happy ending , an ending which is happy because people make the choices that make the most sense .
one of the most respected names in american independent filmmaking is john sayles .
completely on his own , elwood decides to trace his roots back to the orphanage where he spent his childhood , only to discover that everyone he has ever known has passed away .
of course , there's gotta be romance somewhere along the line , so jane ( minnie driver ) gets introduced about halfway through .
when the fight scenes are enough to justify paying admission , there is no problem with this , as in most jackie chan projects and a lot of the hong kong actioners .
kevin smith , after a smashing debut with the classic " clerks " stooped as low to sell-out and make the dreadful " mallrats . "
unfortunately their hard work was in vain .
the music , a welcome delight in the later disney films , is mostly a let down here , with the exception of the catchy and motivational , " colors of the wind . "
j . t walsh ( who , sadly , recently passed away ) is fine as warren ( who we soon find out is a kidnapper ) although his actual character is pretty weak , and not really menacing enough .
playing the inebriated cop and his cheating wife are jos ? sancho and angela molina--no lookalikes spring to mind , but they round out the excellent cast .
just make sure you don't look for anything culturally different and you'll be fine- drunken master ii this ain't .
as a hero who is not afraid to face off against five men with chains , tibbs is the perfect protagonist .
there's a " halloween h2k " in the works , even though michael myers was beheaded in " h20 , " and a " freddy vs . jason " has been talked about for awhile , despite the fact that both characters were " killed off . "
spawn is a movie in which realism , or even an attempt to draw a parallel between the problems of the hero and real life is identifiable .
the voice work is also perfectly complementary , and as with the first movie , does much to help further character development .
this was one of the better storylines , but unfortunately , is only a sub-plot .
actually , the doctor is researching the " primordial fear reaction " and intends to plant disturbing ideas in his subjects and watch what happens .
isn't that illegal in most countries ?
there is nothing particularly hilarious about all this either -- and besides degeneres' wisecracks , there's little that is even a little amusing .
but disney's mighty joe young remake marks the fourth week in which i haven't seen a truly terrible movie .
fatal charm won't charm anyone , unless there's someone that's charmed by boring , lifeless , insipid , suspenseless thrillers .
furthermore , the end of the film looks like they took what were originally intended to be the opening credits and spliced them in right before the real end credits .
five girls spend a day in a closed building doing inventory when a strange box gets delivered there ( is this starting to sound familiar ? ) by mistake .
the booming introduction music finishes , and the camera sweeps over red mountains .
he , and the slugs inside him , promptly begin wreaking havoc and turning more co-eds into slug zombies .
the second punch comes from gal's past .
on top of that debacle , the whole end of the film is an anticlimatic sequence in scaramanga's " funhouse " .
if not , then dreamworks will have done something no other studio could do : go head to head with the big mouse , and knock him down ( yes , anastasia was good , but not nearly as good as even the worst of disney ) .
but do not , under any circumstances , spend your vacation doing the same thing you do for a living .
and though berlinger directs his film with an energy and pace that makes the adrenaline rush through the body a couple of times , he has obviously misunderstood the nature of his predecessor .
unfortunately , the coach's real son , hugo , isn't too pleased to hear that .
unfortunately , carl bradshaw is given the least to do and his character as the crime boss seems ineffective ( largely because his underlings seem to run all over him ) , but then again , that could be the way his character was intended to be portrayed .
by the end of the film you'll feel as if you've met a genuine monster in chad ; perhaps we can also classify men as a horror film .
unfortunately for the happy family , the third reich and its nazi minions occupy italy and imprison all jews in work camps .
executive producer phil segal said he was casted because fox insisted on having one american star in the role .
van damme , an actor i usually like , is way off the mark playing " everyman " .
reviews of nearly all mainstream movies playing today !
later on , he's stupid and wants to fly in the attack on a big alien ship .
rounding out the impressive ensemble of young talent are shawn hatosy ( `the faculty' ) , selma blair ( `cruel intentions' ) and ashton kutcher ( tv's `that 70's shows' ) .
disney's latest animated feature throws us right into the action from the very beginning , skipping the usual main title sequence and putting us on pitching waves as a small family attempts to escape from a sinking ship .
and the only real " crazy " to be found in the film is director gary fleder's ( things to do in denver when you're dead ) staggering use of flashback sequences .
there is unnecessary padding with howie's miserable dad ( bruce altman ) in the hot seat for a white-collar crime , degenerate youngsters who get their kicks from robbing middle-class houses , and some homoerotic shenanigans with wise-ass gary terrio ( billy kay ) , a handsome artful dodger .
as for the book , this film is good enough to make me believe that there might be something in the text worth looking at .
and it is the high concentrations of these organisms in an individual which make them particularly powerful in the force .
unfortunately , many did .
there is some credit to give to the film however .
people who enjoy science fiction are often faced with unpleasant surprises due to the improper labelling of novels , stories , comic books or movies .
at about 85 minutes , mulan moves rapidly , and will hold the attention of youngsters from beginning to the end .
it's an angry , serious film at the core , but the package that beatty has created is so much more accessible than recent attempts in the genre . ?
the movie takes substantial historical liberties in recreating einstein's youth .
i strongly suspect that many of the people who were dissappointed by it have simply surrendered to the media machine and the inevitable backlash .
synopsis : committed to an asylum , the marquis de sade ( rush ) continues to publish pornographic literature , aided by young maid madeleine ( winslet ) .
she wants him to stay with her , but he must continue on his way to find his father .
that word is called recidivist . . . repeat
due to a misunderstanding , an english sanitary engineer called marshall p . knutt ( jim dale ) is assigned , without knowing it , as the law marshall for stodge city .
before you know it , there are dead elves everywhere .
i wished i had thought of that .
monkey bone he seems to be like stuart little , you really don't realize that he is animated . . . but
ghosts of mars stars natasha henstridge as a tough as nails , pill-poppin' , martian cop , sent with her squadron to retrieve " demolition " williams ( ice cube ) from a remote mining town for trial back home .
it's squeaky-clean , family fun , trying hard to be as hip as pulp fiction .
plot : a young man who loves heavy metal music and especially the band steel dragon , to whom he's devoted a tribute band in which he sings , gets launched into stardom when the real group get rid of their lead singer and call on him to take his place .
it's also the worst movie i have seen thus far this year .
then the situation turns bad .
she tries to remain true to him and supportive , but for women unlucky enough to attach themselves to this kind of person , relationships will ultimately end like sentences ending with an exclamation point .
edward burns tackles his third picture with no looking back , and like his previous two , it is a working-class relationship picture .
that's why the next two big-budget aciton pics are john woo's " face/off " and barry sonnenfeld's " men in black , " both which are the first two to catch on to the wave early on .
but if you're not exactly the biggest sci-fi fan , caveat emptor .
but after the first twenty minutes , the movie quickly plummets and degenerates into a poor excuse for a comedy .
on the very first night that they decide to spend under the stars amidst the ruins of parr's abandoned house , strange things start happening .
although the real life untouchables may have been excessively glorified , this film is pure entertainment and contains a unique blend of great acting , great directing , and great action .
alexa vega and daryl sabara make an agreeable brother and sister team , squabbling the way kids do , but coming together when it counts .
all of the pieces come together in a tidy and somewhat underwhelming--and unsurprising--fashion , but there is no denying that this basic story holds some intrinsic interest .
it was very efficent at giving you a scare in those days and that hasn't changed .
fire joel schumacher ( but offer him a ticket to a rubber fetishist's convention so he'll understand that there's no hard feelings ) .
shelton , on the other hand , continues to tell his story .
now for the second half , it is explosive , and saves the movie .
`seahaven' , his hometown , and the show itself , are the brainchild of christof ( harris ) , who presides over his creation in the base of a fake moon , directing over 500 cameras and hundreds of actors and extras .
the other scene worth mentioning is so quick you might miss it .
what a stunning , touching , heart-wrenching , heart-warming , life-affirming , miraculous film .
to make matters worse , louie's father feels he's lost his honor because of the trumpet he stole for his son in this animated version of e . b .
why would he continually endanger claire if she was necessary for his ultimate plan ?
most of the highly predictable movie is a long chase in which poor howie long is given one ridiculous stunt after another to look silly performing .
and rose mcgowan should just quit acting .
there's no background or details to anyone or anything , it's just a bunch of cartoon characters running into each other .
instead , tenebrae's set design and lighting paints a sleek , clinical , chilly vision of a vaguely futuristic urban world .
that's another great epa asset - teaching agents how to fix porches .
moreau questions the ability of men playing god .
aside from the fact that he lives near the terror of the city , simon has the added benefit of being gay , making him a prime target .
he sits down and starts playing .
if the plot is old , at least the style is creative .
mode , they laugh and roll around while painting each other .
oh yeah , and for those who dig the " heavier " side of music , the soundtrack also rocks ! !
projected into the sky for all to see , it inspires his own army while shocking the enemy into submission long enough for the ogres to hack them up .
the songs are bad , the acting is bad ( especially deepti bhatnagar's ) , and the direction is the worst of all .
to ensure he won't use it as another excuse to see her , brooke decides to return a toolbox he had left at her place to his house .
i can only wonder what bruce willis fans thought after exiting the theater , because this film really doesn't have the potential to please anyone .
that's an achievement in itself !
in fact , the shakespearean relationship between moses ( val kilmer ) and the pharaoh rameses ( ralph fiennes ) makes the story more interesting if anything .
.
the result is more like an unsuccessful mutation of kubrick's " 2001 : a space odyssey " , " apollo 13 " and " godzilla " .
the result is ugly , confusing and boring .
we never do , and it may be just as well that he drives off a cliff and plummets to the canyon floor .
they show the destroyed lives , families that have been split up , and the desolation that everyone attempts to cope with .
this is not the film to take a girl on a date to .
this goes on for minutes .
more likely , though , it was because of the inspired premise .
although he's not given much believable to work with , andy garcia plays off a taut emotional chord .
reeves mary ann lomax . . . . . . . . . . . charlize
if lambert were in real life being chased by fanatical devotees to a ninja secret society , he'd have a lifespan you could only measure with an atomic clock .
the aliens , which look like very old bald human men with pasty skin , also possess the power en masse and use it to change the city every night at midnight .
this is the ultimate game of six degrees of separation .
officer jim kurring ( john c . reilly ) is a patrolman who has a need to feel he is making the world a better place .
a french language audio track is also available .
andrew kevin walker wrote the screenplay .
max is really a doofus and he wakes up on his first day of junior high school with a pessimistic attitude , no luck with the ladies and only two friends , both of whom can kindly be described as social outcasts ( and who were both in snow day ) - the perpetually robed robe ( josh peck ) and a clarinet-playing cutie named megan ( summer catch's zena grey ) , who harbors secret feelings for max .
whenever someone dies in this movie , a crew member inevitably yells out " we lost ( insert dead person's last name here ) ! "
and just what does the film's title signify , if anything ?
a group of men , led by jimmy ( morgan freeman ) , arrive on the scene not as rescuers but as robbers .
the problem with groeteschele's mindset is that he * believes * nuclear combat to be a viable method of war .
nielsen almost comes across as a real person but is soon relegated to a background victim .
forget everything you know about corey haim .
rose goes out onto the ship's ledge , and we then learn a secret about her that catches us off guard .
enduring tectonic plates is like sitting through a filmed version of performance art -- lifeless and tedious .
isaacman is very easy to like , and great at proving ( in quite clever ways ) his points to the court .
but there's no question that grisham's work grabs people .
both mr . harrelson and mr . banderas have provided us with stunning characterizations in the past , not that we'd know it from their work here .
stopping the car along the street , he asks a woman , obviously a prostitute , for directions .
it's all straight action , fist to fist , boot to face and all around cool stunts .
with his pleasant , common man looks , and charming semi-articulate blatherings he has become one of the most likeable romantic leading men of the 90's .
all the cast members from the original reprise their roles , and each is excellent .
ginger is perfect , spunky and opinionated , but with a soft heart that forbids her to leave her companions behind , and julia sawalha ( known as the cute mousy girl on " absolutely fabulous " ) nails it .
this developed hatred is before the film's hero , ness , is even introduced .
unlike the latter film , this one is a big , long , laborious bore .
each ditches his or her current spouse of 14 years and runs off with the other .
it abounds with high production values : john toll's award-winning cinematography ( which also graced edward zwick's 1994 legends of the fall ) , a gorgeous score by horner , and the sort of logistics that make you wish assistant directors were household names .
the event horizon is the boundary of a black hole . . .
in one great scene , sam gets his son on the phone to talk to seagal ; of course , his son doesn't believe that he's actually speaking to seagal , and he goes off about how bad of an actor he is ( i would quote the line i like but it would probably lose its effect ) .
you also have to give it up to all of the actors in this film , who turn over some very convincing performances , taking you through all of their characters' ups and downs .
but all the buzz motivated me to give it a shot .
though not without redeeming qualities , this film is bad .
watch out for mucus mudslides , chaos in cerebellum hall and the detritus from booger dam ( runny nose ) , along with comic turns from molly shannon and chris elliot , plus the voices of william shatner and brandy norwood .
but after a while , this kid becomes annoying and you just wait for the next one .
and all of face/off was pretty dang good .
having blown his chances with anne , jimmie proceeds to track down all his prior girlfriends and suggest a " business proposition " .
so why did he give it up in the first place ? !
the screenplay covers a lot of ground and does yeoman's work in providing a great deal of detailed history while trying to do justice to the story of lumumba's life .
bill pullman , when he's not spacing out , creates a vibrant character in daryl zero .
and because we're so utterly , predictably stupid , hollywood knows that a certain percentage of us will go see hard rain or magoo , washington knows that we won't notice a few million dollars spent here and there on porno art grants and cigar subsidies -- and deniro's character knows that american geography skills are so weak that we won't be able to locate albania on the map .
denzel washington is as sturdy as ever , but he's burdened with a miscast supporting cast .
a big director , jan de bont of speed and twister fame .
plot : a young french boy sees his parents killed before his eyes by tim roth , oops . . . i
anakin is annoying and unlikeable . ,
he is firmly rejected .
october sky is a skillfully crafted film , and most of that credit must go to director joe johnston .
still , this movie is one that will please many viewers .
king is a drunken atlanta native rather than an english king .
it definetly deserves multiple viewings ( partly because of the slang and accents ) jeremy dennison mr . orange@centuryinter . net
these lions kill dozens of his men and he doesn't even appear to be too upset about it .
speaking in the vaguest possible terms , the basics of the plot are as follows : in the year 2259 , a great force of evil threatens to consume the earth , and only the four elements--earth , wind , fire , and water--united with a fifth element can stop it .
cut one of the villains .
robin williams doesn't inject the film with life , as a matter of fact , he seems a little out of it , as if crippled by his fake accent .
harry's little lies build , eventually taking on a life of their own .
almost sad to see it go .
mimi leder is probably best known for her stunning work as a director of the hit tv-show er .
convinced that god has broken his half of the covenant , seth decides to break his , and sets out to turn every " thou shalt not " of the ten commandments into a " thou shalt " ( and vice versa ) .
yet wrapped in elizabethan english , the dialogue becomes difficult to comprehend .
but l . i . e . 's screenplay doesn't always give them the best material .
smith's " verbal trampoline , " as ben affleck once called his distinctive dialogue , takes a back seat to his dubious instincts as a populist filmmaker .
if i have any complaint about the film , it's that it tries to take a moral stance when it's not very appropriate to do so .
alan arkin portrays one of the detectives with a little less more excitement than with his psychiatrist in grosse pointe blank .
these story elements result in climaxes both inevitable and unpredictable ; the teacher-student relationship formed between henry and simon eventually reverses itself .
disney's version was at least interesting , while burton's film drags on far too long , without any suspense or frights .
what will happen throughout the film can also be easily telegraphed in advance .
the flying inkpot rating system : * wait for the tv2 broadcast .
perhaps what is most outstanding about " jaws " is how spielberg builds the movie .
then comes the setup .
the ending to alien 3 is quite good .
dora being an amoral scam-artist , could care less about the amount of bickering between the candle-lighting of the catholics versus the bumper-sticker mentality of the evangelicals .
the intrusion is all but welcome by howard , who is going more and more out of his mind with each passing minute .
the cast , a collection of veteran b-movie actors and sitcom regulars , do only a mediocre job in their roles .
while not as rock-solid as hunchback , it's a still a new world of improvement over pocohontas .
you'd never guess from his performance .
instead , tarzan and the lost city introduces us to lord graystoke a . k . a . john clayton a . k . a . tarzan the ape man ( casper van dien ) several days before his marriage to lady jane porter ( jane march ) .
here is an example of the wonderful dialog .
the result is some sort of cabin fever .
( " hoods in the woods , " is what the " ground-pounders " yell out when the convicts are bused in to help them fight the fire . )
he gets several bee stings .
the wedding is just a device to bring together the bride's working-class , italian family and the groom's rich , gentile family .
the parallel is present down to his love of music ( though zero plays the guitar rather than the violin ) , and his addiction to drugs ( amphetamines , rather than morphine ) .
this is a land where your health teacher is also a part-time stripper , your ice cream store attendant girlfriend wears an egyptian ankh around her neck , your kid brother forms a " cute " cult , your football coach is an uncaring , obssessive madman , and your friends' lives consist of nothing but getting laid and driving around in cop cars naked .
whatever happened to giving the audience a lesson while entertaining ?
i don't want to give too much away , but if you cross chuckie from child's play with some of the wacky fantasies in heavenly creatures , you might have an idea just how fun or pants-wetting scary the alternate state of consciouness can be .
maybe someone like myself who's seen the movie hundreds of times would like to sit down and show it to someone with the second ending only .
( some of the scenes with his father border on interesting , while heather matarazzo , who plays his sister , pushes phillippe off the screen . )
maybe they're just embarrassed at having to utter such howlers as " this thing was made by someone more powerful than god and a whole lot less nice . "
the computer-animated comedy " shrek " is designed to be enjoyed on different levels by different groups .
screen time is spent with bulworth trying to cancel the request for his assassination while the hit man seems to be closing in on him .
but at the same time , he'll receive all of the credit if it succeeds .
if you don't think kevin kline in drag is funny , wait ? til you see will smith in drag-it's even less funny .
in fact , the scene stealer is simon's dog , who is funnier than nicholson .
guess who wins ?
consider the strange coincidence of russell crowe's character in proof of life making the moves on a distraught wife played by meg ryan's character in the film -- all while the real russell crowe was hitching up with married woman meg ryan in the outside world .
it's written and directed by relatively unknowns , simon beaufoy and peter cattaneo , who both turned up oscar nominations .
much of this film seems nothing more than aykroyd's self-serving vanity project , but no matter how much fun aykroyd may be having with this , none of the excitement is passed on to the audience .
actually , the doctor is researching the " primordial fear reaction " and intends to plant disturbing ideas in his subjects and watch !
another example is the family dynamics between stanley , his 10-year-old daughter and his ex-wife .
i disagree with this accusation .
you have to pay attention .
`oh behave !
the idea of spinning artist james o'barr's original comic book series into a sequel franchise revolves around the notion that a different startled soul would come back from the dead in each movie , taking its own righteous vengeance against the world .
and they might as well have called it the " haunting of lily taylor " , since she's basically the only character who had any real depth , background or reason to be in the house in the first place .
writers/directors olivier ducastel and jacques martineau made their debut with the musical comedy " jeanne and the perfect guy , " embracing that typically american genre .
it is also a sure-deal as one parents can watch , and enjoy along with their kids .
mike's about to go up against teddy kgb ( malkovich ) , a russian gangster who looks like a serial killer .
the film opens with a narrated documentary reel showing the improving economic and living standards of sheffield in the 60's , then cut to the harsh reality of the present .
( critic's note : this review is the longest i've ever written and still only scratches the surface .
in fact , the script is embarrsingly weak , and the characterizations not much better . sorvino and company are as 2d as characters come , with the script not bothering to develop them .
we can't feel her rage .
evidence of public disapproval was noted when a woman behind me yelled " boy this movie is horrible ! "
we not only feel more involved in the story , but we feel like we're seeing the beginning of a saga that we have cherished for years .
i like some of his films ( " flatliners , " " a time to kill " ) but a lot of them suck .
no wonder : this is the kind of movie that reduces you to childish expressions , like " that was the funnest movie i've ever seen ! "
i came into the movie not wanting to see jones's conscience , but wanting to see a real action movie that had lots of aliens in it .
he notes the third chapter in a trilogy has an overabundance of exposition and a huge backstory to contend with .
if you haven't seen the film yet , proceed with caution .
when he watches old movies of his wife , he actually looks somber .
see it twice .
this pushes kelly's sex craving mother , sandra , to stop at nothing until sam is convicted .
deep blue sea does not offer any of the psychological thrills that jaws has to offer .
however , if gal says " no " don will do whatever it takes to turn it into a yes including threatening guy's ex-porn- star wife deedee ( amanda redman ) .
another chuckle is provided by billy dee williams' cameo as himself .
together , the five descend into the bowels of the ocean , where they rendezvous with a temporary sea base on the ocean floor from which they will attempt to make first contact .
grumpy old men , it ain't .
rotting flowers , a writeup in the obituary , and a beaten neighbor are just a few of the bad things which happen to her .
i'm sure it seems funny on paper to have candy pay over $400 to mud wrestle five beautiful women , but while watching it all that was coming out of my mouth was the admonition " dear god ! "
overwhelmed by a top hat , the onegin who pines for tatyana seems smaller in stature than the one who brushed her off , an ebeneezer scrooge trapped in christmas past .
on the other hand , this is the same woman who made her jaw-droppingly awful feature debut in dino delaurentiis' king kong .
director john boorman adds additional verisimilitude by shooting the film on location .
he has a dog of flanders , whom he names patrasche , who is a heroic rin-tin-tin of the 19th century , whom he rescues from his cruel , unkind master .
this is a film that takes a little bit of everything , but ultimately adds up to a lot of nothing !
smith also has a kitchen sink brand of humour : his dexterous maneuvering between the satirical ( a cardinal played by george carlin attempts to mount a publicity campaign with the slogan " catholicism wow ! " ) and the scatalogical ensures that no lover of comedy will leave dogma feeling malnourished .
mira sorvino , who made a spectacular debuting splash in 1995's hilarious woody allen comedy , " mighty aphrodite , " for which she won a well-deserved oscar as a kind-hearted , but ditzy hooker , is a standout here .
female protagonist : why ?
i admit that this issue has become something between tiring and annoying , feeling like eating the same meal over and over again .
but unless you're a purist , you should have few objections to this film .
but you could definitely do better . . .
when mulan resolves to take her father's place , she dons her father's old battle armor , and unsheathes a sword .
this is the silent version of the somerset maugham short story " miss thompson " .
finally a movie gets released that is as good as the trailer makes it to be , with a few surprising twists , some very funny moments , and a few sentimental moments all mixed in to one great little movie .
images of hatchets , saws and fast-emptying whiskey bottles accompany the grisly image .
eighty million dollars was spent on the haunting , and despite a powerhouse box office debut , i doubt it will recoup its costs ( including marketing ) domestically .
this is five minutes of material , thrown into the picture at the last minute ( well past the one-hour mark , and this isn't a long film to begin with ) .
the result is a picture of confounding badness , a kiddie-porn mess that thinks it's really deep and profound .
this begins in classic scene in the school laundry room when cappie and maggie are alone .
from an evil prison guard to an evil prisoner , " the green mile " is successful in creating sympathy for kind-hearted hard working guards and hard thinking prisoners .
but permanent midnight is mostly soulless .
what's funny about threatening to gun down a pregnant woman with a machine gun ?
i left the theater feeling that there is hope for the country's future : not a common belief nowadays .
in addition to this , i can't imagine anyone seeing the preview and not wanting to see the film .
and that consideration , unlike anything on screen , is truly horrifying .
could it be that most of the special effects don't show up until the last half hour , and even then , we don't see anything that its trailers hadn't already given away ?
lloyd's brilliant performance yields a pathetic , moving , and memorable character .
the acting is bad with a capital b . the story is worse .
arguments ensue .
character relationships in this film also make very little sense .
it takes a lot of thought and understanding of the series to create a film using roots as complicated as the ones that the series provides , and then create a coherent film that anyone can understand clearly .
in its essence , this movie is about the development and growth of the characters , camille and stephane .
ramirez reluctantly agrees to take part in this " assignment " , and soon finds himself wrapped up in a true web of international terrorism , intrigue and double-personality syndrome ( which does not sit well with his uninformed wife and kids back in the states . )
the pattern continues with the new star trek : first contact , an energetic sci-fi adventure that ( coincidentally ? ) is the eighth entry in the hugely popular series .
nothing is gained from watching this movie , except maybe a migraine .
the scrumptious comic acting , however , extends well beyond sheedy and lapaglia .
we the audience , seeing a high tech rifle-ly gadget , of course think that eye is going to assassinate the target , but instead , he pulls the trigger and the rifle takes twenty or so hazy , low-quality photographs , which eye then proceeds to fax and e-mail to everyone in his target's office .
i still don't know how to react . "
this is where the jolie defenders/video game nuts jump in and say this movie isn't about character development it's about kicking serious butt ( or bum , since ms . croft hails from england's green and pleasant ) .
ironically , that was probably more money than reed ever earned for a single film .
she rejoins the world as a dog lover and is assigned to a probation officer , who oddly turns out to be her victim from the original film .
torn is the sympathetic figure of the group ; he smiles before shooting anyone .
romance .
i won't go into what these powers are , but they're considerably toned down from the book ( and don't involve black stuff flying out of ted's mouth , a la mile ) .
the trio must team together " as family " to beat them .
never before have i seen so many jokes fall astoundingly flat .
alien legs stretch up into the air . . .
her parents are survivors of the holocaust concentration camps , and her home life is filled with angst .
gattaca is one of the best science fiction films i have seen in a long time .
it's moronic fun at best .
most of our planet is devastated , with humans living in a few protected cities .
if there's any reason to see this film , it's to see colleen haskell who makes her big screen debut .
* sandra hess , while being an even worse actress than bridgette wilson ( who played sonya blade in the first movie ) , is much more convincing as a fighter .
what she did not know was that it would follow her there , and remain with her long after the physical threat had vanished .
later on while studying in the gymnasium , a classmate ( barry watson ) offers her a photo-copied duplicate of mrs . tingle's final exam .
rose is to be wed to a man she does not love .
this leads to countless chase and/or fight scenes which look like they could have been lifted from rumble in the bronx or nearly any other jackie chan movie .
stuff . . .
travolta prances across the screen hamming it up for all he's worth and is almost entertaining .
but , that's the movie .
his death seems very rushed and without any knowledge of who he is , the scene is neither sad nor convincing .
they find out that there is a movie based on the comic book that is based on them being made in hollywood .
need i say more ?
in gaz's own words while looking at an add for a strip-act featuring hunky `beautiful' men , `if women are willing to pay for this , they sure as well will pay for real-men' .
the man doesn't know who he is nor where he's going and it's interesting to follow him since we the viewers have no idea either we can sympathize and identify with him .
although she gets far too little screen time , jamie lee curtis imbues louisa with a depth greater than the screenplay provides her .
the woman wants welles to locate the young girl in the film , hopefully to disprove that it is in fact a snuff film .
critique : great premise is executed with enough style and thrills to keep the piece interesting throughout its close to two-hour runtime .
we get the overly smart kid who manages to " pull one " over on the bad guys .
it all builds up to a shattering , devastating climax which lingers uncomfortably in the mind long after the house lights have come up .
unfortunately , only babies are wanted for adoption , so henderson pledges to take emira to england .
it is interesting to note , that no one thinks smoking grass is bad for you , only that one can go to jail .
the comedy of the film centers around goodman , his character , and the film he brings to key west .
what morris manages is something akin to an intellectual magic trick , an interrogative sleight of hand .
fans is not part of bulworth's " truth . "
well , i swore never to give a movie the full five stars so i had to find something about the in his ice truck , the tracks it leaves in the snow behind him go on for several miles but then they just stop .
there are some quotable lines that would provide a campy evening if not taken seriously .
the audience will probably warm more to bad guy darth maul , if he had been given more screen time .
the fun is settling into your theater seat and wondering just what the hell one story can possibly have to do with the other .
you really won't be missing that much .
after barely escaping alive , jerry is forced to turn to the only person he can trust : alice sutton .
but 1995 just wasn't that good of a year for him .
not that we ever find out who that is , mind you .
his buddies , the college student mike and the dependable butchie ( gillan ) , and his old man , who he has this love/hate relationship with , rally to his aid .
you have seen it all before , but perhaps not from india .
austin powers ( 7/10 ) - austin powers 2 ( 7/10 ) - deuce bigalow ( 7/10 ) - dude , where's my car ( 7/10 ) - freddy got fingered ( 5/10 ) - jay & silent bob strike back ( 8/10 ) - joe dirt ( 5/10 ) - meet the parents ( 8/10 ) - say it isn't so ( 3/10 )
the more unique characters perfectly create friction on the green mile and make the story interesting and exciting .
dead people wander around not knowing that they're dead , invisible to everyone except cole .
it is a scary fable about the monster that lurks in everyone's soul , a dark side which we're all trying to hide -- but it's there -- always .
lawrence can be good when he wants to , but in order to prove it , he needs to let other people write and direct his movies .
low budget also becomes painfully visible , and physical attributes of laurence treill are the only thing worth watching in this film .
[theater rating : * * * * : excellent seats , sound and picture]
also one frequently sees in japanese art the image of a man breaking down a door with a huge mallet .
she is flown out to sea to meet bill paxton and to tell them about the diamond .
with friends like that , spoon doesn't need enemies , and shakur looks at stretch with the tired eyes of a man who has seen too much .
a common thief , some spilled orange juice , and some stilted conversation leads to their first , highly impetuous ( or is that improbable ? ) , kiss .
after killing most of the crew , the africans force the remaining sailors to return them to their home - or so they think .
altman may provide the atmosphere , but branagh's performance holds the gingerbread man together .
nor is it about cops trying to apprehend him .
now a seemingly twitching vegetable , he is temporarily transferred to a state-run home .
it seems unlikely the frogs would still be alive when dropped .
simply a verhoeven ploy to show some skin .
i've always wondered why these killers don't save themselves a lot of time and trouble and just go after the person they ultimately aim to kill .
the rich legacy of cinema has left us with certain indelible images .
jack nicholson gives yet another oscar-caliber performance as the film's cynical lead , and is back at work , not playing a goofy u . s . president or a comic book villian , but instead playing jack nicjolson , and playing him full force .
there has to be some common sense in distinguishing what drugs should be legalized and how to educate the public on this , rather than making it a police matter altogether .
iguana out of focus . . .
surprisingly , the farrelly brothers have walked that very tight line of making a touching romantic comedy on the side , and filling the details with five or six outrageous howlers .
he really lets the audience sit back and watch the events unfold rather than force them down our throats as many directors prefer to do .
apparently , it was just lying dormant .
it's touching , it's sincere , and it's what ultimately makes this movie work .
however , this is when he is vulnerable . . . and
it's no wonder why she hated high school so much .
this is definitely not the problem with a simple plan , even though the screenplay is by the book's author .
still powerful today , even after the end of the cold war .
hell , i'm even a big fan of jim broadbent and fiona shaw .
sci-fi fans should enjoy the sculpted sands , the morphing headdresses , and a surprisingly spunky james spader .
a group of onlookers gathers to watch this stunning prodigy make such amazing music at such a young age .
he kidnaps and then offers down-and-out eugene a position in his organization .
filmy cherubic spirits take shape under sheets and billowy curtains .
truman burbank was born to an audience of millions .
another flaw with the film , though , is that the ending seems a bit tacked on .
niccol even utilizes voice-over narration ( a device almost always poorly-employed ) in an effective way .
negative .
" the iron giant " is exactly what family films ought to be , because it doesn' t talk down to its audience .
i had no idea that epa agents were trained to be killers !
although i wouldn't pick willis as the choice actor for ben jordan , willis handles himself nicely , and shines in a few of the film's most powerful scenes , enough that make his performance a definite contender comes awards season .
terrence malick is a cinematic legend .
maybe some stunts .
but is billy getting it on with lucy ( dianne steinberg ) ?
oh yes , and then there's that little girl .
no , not really .
the original 1968 movie " the odd couple " remains a classic comedy .
another plus is the appearance of andie macdowell as a schizophrenic nun and love interest for the title character .
determined to do the same , vincent meets a dna broker ( tony shalhoub in a funny cameo ) who sells fake identities to in-valids .
a scene which particularly strengthens the audiences' view of the passion is when she asked her father whether she could contact her late-mother through the ham-radio system in which her father replied " not even the most powerful radio in the world can do that , now " .
then when you go see them they turn out to be either raunchy sex acts like austin powers with characters named fat bastard - - or big daddy where adult characters get their jollies by buddying up to naive five year olds and encouraging them to experiment with drugs and mistreatment .
only through a series of clever twists , turns , and double-crosses will jackie be able to gain the upper hand on both of her nemeses .
while the comedy centered on goodman , and the drama on the teens , there was a great deal of overlap .
when the millenium falcon moves throughout the stars , we see constellations , meteor showers , and cool space-ships .
i have a problem not with the story or story structure , but with egoyan's heavy- handedness behind the camera .
eve's bio-rhythms go off the scale each time one of her kinfolk " mates , " which we are forced to witness in gross-out detail , but otherwise there doesn't appear to be a whole lot of reason why henstridge is in this film , unless it was written into her contract ( let's hope it cited one sequel and one sequel only ) .
cox plays the role of big john harrigan in the disturbing new indie flick l . i . e . , which lot 47 picked up at sundance when other distributors were scared to budge .
the acting was the only thing ( as i said ) keeping it alive .
over two hours of chase scenes gets way too boring , way too quiclky .
though it has sat on the shelves of universal studios for about two years , waiting until it can be released and make as much money as it possibly can ( read : early january , when everyone's still trying to catch up on the potential oscar-nominees ) , it does show that universal shelled out a pretty penny to make this film : it's laden with complex machinery , boasts respectable production design , and it may even feature believable special effects . . . if , of course , i , or anyone else , could see them .
consider another punch pulled .
costuming is equally grand , drawing upon both history and imagination . .
richard attenborough has a ( literally ) walk-on role , showing up at the eleventh hour as the english ambassador .
urban legend is a mad slasher flick , but one that is so sanitary , bloodless , and nudity free , that with its irony laden dialogue and beautiful ( though not overly talented ) cast , it more closely resembles an overlong wb television special .
the " dick , the world is in danger .
she peers through and takes notes as she watches the cook make the soup for the next day , her face filled with a joy that can be felt by the audience .
this was the third one of '97 , following the very lackluster " the saint , " which featured an amoral costume changing bond wannabe ; and the surprisingly fun " the peacemaker , " featuring clooney and kidman trying to stop an almost untraceable villain .
this is one example ( there are actually some more in instinct alone ) of filmmakers insulting the audience's intelligence .
well , see the movie .
explanation number one : the obnoxious presence of eye's imaginary daughter , who was taken away from him by his wife some time ago , tells him he shouldn't leave ms . judd .
his recycled raising arizona performance is a means of escape , his chase after a stuffed bunny a continuation of his pursuit of that big box of huggies .
mortal kombat : annihilation picks up precisely where that movie left off , with some introductory exposition to clue in those who may not have seen the first movie .
his new boss and partner in the firm , john milton ( al pacino ) is quite impressed and takes kevin under his wing , explaining many of his philosophies on law , women and sex , and angles the promise of a blissful , wealthy life .
where's joblo coming from ?
the story is a straight shoplift of red rock west , a cult favorite a few years back from john dahl , maker of the phenomenal the last seduction .
at the end of the film , supergirl flies back into the lake with the omegahedron , and flies back to argo city .
most of these people actually were passengers on the titanic back in 1912 , including the enigmatic molly brown ( played by the talented kathy bates ) , the captain of titanic ( bernard hill ) , and so on .
capsule : liebes meets tod .
what makes movies like can't hardly wait and 10 things i hate about you work ( and to a lesser extent , she's all that and never been kissed ) is because the writers of those films seem to realize that high school is a joke and write their scripts accordingly .
russell is buffed-up and does a credible job but it's not much of a challenge .
i knew that he was a talented director , but i had no idea he could act as well .
rocky promises to teach the chickens how to fly , and the situation grows more desperate as the nefarious mrs . tweedy ( miranda richardson ) decides to abandon the farm's egg-selling plan for a pie-selling plan .
further respectability comes from ben kingsley's high-powered performance .
she also hires herself out as a bounty hunter when the price is right , posing as first a stripper and later as a prostitute .
it's not the plot is that makes " the fugitive " great , it's all the motions the characters go through to make for an intriguing story .
steve rubell is the owner of studio 54 , and if christopher had focused on him , then myers could have forced a good film out of this wreck all by himself .
and believe me , i'm not giving anything away by saying that sandler's team wins .
the opening 30 minutes are filled with hilarious attempts of carol trying to bring henry ? back to life . '
he romanced uma thurman in gattaca .
kevin does not help matters by dismissing his wife .
jean-claude van damme stars as ( i think ) a designer jeans executive who discovers his half-brother has been supplying him with cheaper goods .
then , the song choices are totally uninspired .
_the truman show_ is the most perplexing , crazed , paranoid and rib-tickling morality play i've seen since i-don't-know-when .
he finally figures that in order to find his place in the world , he must go out into it .
the whole movie is like this , watch ash get beat up , watch ash defeat the monster , watch ash get beat up again by another even zanier monster .
tom is easily one of the most lifeless characters the actor has brought to the screen .
and " independence day " has no balls .
he decides that he wants to be a physician , leaves the place and a couple of years later enrolls in the medical college of virginia .
yet " a bug's life , " as well as " antz , " are still amazing films , and prove without doubt , that if you're gonna make a computer animated film , send it to the guys who created these three flicks , evne if they're not working under the same roof .
the character who turns out to be the killer seems to be selected at random .
a few months later , volcano was released .
but it would not have been a completely captivating vision if the people inhabiting the settings weren't equally as interesting , and are they ever .
reminds me of the " transformers " cartoon , and i sure wished the movie could somehow be transformed into something decent , but that never happened .
simon birch is primarily about the friendship of two twelve year old boys , simon ( ian michael smith ) and joe ( joseph mazzello ) , and what destiny holds for both of them .
playing kelly van ryan is denise richards .
soon hues of color creep into the black and white world , and while some embrace the change in the passion of realism , others fear the strangeness .
take the scene where austin powers ( again played by mike myers , but with only a fraction of the giddy enthusiasm he displayed previously ) confronts a henchmen on the side of a cliff .
in many ways , " drunken master " is similar to most of jackie's other early films , such as " fearless hyena " i and ii , " master with cracked fingers " , " half a loaf of kung fu " , " spiritual kung fu " , and others .
this reminded me of another action director , renny harlin ( die hard 2 , cliffhanger ) .
with an eighty million dollar budget , you'd think that entrapment would at least feature edge-of-your seat action scenes or breathtaking special f/x .
lame , unoriginal screenplay .
other than that ?
( michael redman has written this column for a real long time and is just now getting around to seeing some 1998 films . )
this scene , while comical , is very effective at filling the viewer with a sense of trepidation , then of relief and discovery .
regardless of the official word from the president or the cia , wouldn't the major media outlets have eastern european correspondents who could verify that there is , in fact , no fighting going on in albania ?
the basic plot revolves around billy crystal , who plays mitch robbins , turning forty .
the stendahl syndrome-like script , adapted from elisabeth sanxay holding's 40's noir novel 'the blank wall' by directors scott mcgehee and david siegel , would be unbelievable if not for swinton and her costar visnjic .
jim west is the role that finally stymied will smith , whose comic timing has always been hit or miss , as episodes of " the fresh prince of bel-air " demonstrate .
the narrow corridors and labrynthine hallways is well constructed .
3 ) the movie is so funny .
bowfinger is a good movie about the making of a very bad one .
gibson plays benjamin martin , the lionized french and indian war veteran , who , at the beginning of the film , is emotionally suffering after his loving wife passed away .
about three-quarters of the film is a somewhat unnecessary origin story for both gadget and claw .
charles s . dutton is very strong in his performance as one of the inmates , and i was on the brink of actually caring for him .
but , after watching the movie , i can imagine how incredibly depressing it is .
perhaps the best way to describe it is this : " amistad " is three four star films edited into one .
opinion : director spike lee's summer of sam is not about a psycho killer .
sure there's a hint of humor in there every once in a while .
he is willing to read some documents from another tobacco company and interpret them for bergman .
considering the movie cost over 100 million dollars - you'd hope there'd be at least a couple .
he also has tremendous problems with relationships .
the plot isn't particularly interesting in the first place : traditional , mildly hackneyed and not very involving .
" please someone stop joel schumacher before he vomits into a film canister again and tries to pass it off as a movie . "
[pg-13]
however , there is one scene late in the film , when he and brody and hooper are below deck on the orca comparing scars .
dicaprio is good , although he only looks 16-17 years old .
to paraphrase a passage from the song : though i try and try to forget that song it is just so hard to do every time they play " that thing you do ! "
the haunting is late entry summer dreck too slick to be creepy , and its seemingly endless stream of digital trickery and spooky ooky sound effects don't frighten so much as numb the audience into submission-the film is like a rube goldberg contraption rigged to shout " boo . "
things go downhill fast , though , as we meet our heroes , a group of buenos aires teens preparing to graduate from high school .
the question of stereotypes is a touchy one .
the difficulty with this film is not that the tale has changed , it's that it's dry .
but lithgow plays him as a concerned father who is trying to do what he feels is best for his daughter .
it is not a great plot .
unlike wayans's last starring vehicle , the surprisingly effective ( and serious ) the 6th man , the " emotional " content of senseless is forced and unconvincing .
so much of the dialogue is so hackneyed and watered down for carey's virginal target audience that it's probably impossible for any actor to pull it off with aplomb .
there are even a few gratuitous chase scenes , bulworth fleeing his killer .
koufax along with his new girlfriend layla ( lauren adams ) fight to keep the child .
theresa russell and denise richards have only token topless appearances ( neve campbell , possessing an iron-clad " no nudity " clause in her contract , keeps her clothes more or less on ) .
i like that in a woman . "
estella was raised in wealth by ms . dinsmoor ( anne bancroft ) , an eccentric , aged and embittered , man-hating single aunt whose groom left her abandoned at the altar on the day of her marriage .
foster's radiance has never been more strong than in the scene where she finally meets the vegans on their terms .
but of all the experiences that i collected throughout those tender years , i can honestly say that the toughest and the scariest thing that i had to cope with was my raging hormones and my crazed curiosity about girls and sex .
his fiancee , sara jean reynolds ( marcia gay harden ) , president of the college is none too happy with him because he's left her waiting at the altar due to his lack of short-term -- and long-term -- memory .
it is as if an artist spent an incredible amount of time artfully sculpting tiny statues and then threw them into a box , shook the box , and poured the results onto a table .
kudos to both of them .
just watch any old bugs bunny short .
what would happen to our economy if we didn't feel the need to have more things ?
with alarming synchronicity our hormonally-advantaged girls zealously gesture and point accusing fingers at innocents , constant reminders that abigail's passion sets all this into inexorable motion .
uttering around 100 words during the film , mostly what todd does is hit things and stare grimly into space .
last but not least , there are huge gaps of logic that are just plain unacceptable .
rudy's girlfriend is attacked by her violent husband ; rudy's elderly landlady wants to arrange her will so that her children are excluded , and ; the family of rudy's friend with leukemia is suing the corrupt insurance company that wouldn't pay for a bone marrow transplant .
but the movie is not a complete fatality .
summer catch is strictly rookie league moviemaking .
the script ignores the ineffectuality of gills in supplying enough oxygen to support a human metabolism ; it ignores the fact that even with both ice caps completely melted , much of the earth's surface would still be above water ; and it ignores the blatant impossibility of the cultures and technology shown .
while the original was reasonably intelligent , and had a fugitive to root for , the audience feels strangely distanced from snipes fugitive , mainly because we know so little about him until way into the film's overlong running time .
- an attractive 18-year-old dies on a disco floor and gets sent to a morgue .
oliver , i know your body of work is nothing to sniff at .
existenz was a violent , gory and unsettling journey through reality and virtual reality , ending in blood and madness .
logical time travel movies are a near-impossibility .
so if you want to watch a sort of odd movie starring the excellent dennis hopper , then watch super mario bros . :
these lovers find that they need a warrior when the military coincidentally chooses this world to conduct exercises for their improved human weapons .
ironically those aggravating sacks of human waste provide the only entertainment in the film ; if viewed as a vicarious fantasy urban legend can be mildly entertaining .
in one sweaty , inky torrent of passion , tatyana writes him a love letter .
and that's exactly the kind of thing that makes the flaws so frustrating .
the trio of gibson , the kidnappers' mastermind ( gary sinise ) and fbi team leader ( delroy lindo ) play off of each other wonderfully .
the psychlos are strip-mining the earth for its resources and terel , played by travolta , is the head of security for the mining/slave base located in denver .
also on her side is sir william cecil ( sir richard attenborough ) , her well-meaning but misguided chief adviser .
it's now the anniversary of the slayings of julie james' ( jennifer love hewitt ) best friends .
most of all , the negotiator must be able to enter a situation with as little intelligence about the scenario as possible , and quickly gain control of the situation , dominate the conversation , and influence the perpetrator into thinking that the end of the conflict is what he really wants .
notice the scenes sole shocking scene , where he tries to get felatio from one of his male employees in turn for a promotion : myers brings the humanity to rubell in this scene , and a couple others , that some of us who've only seen him on tv never saw , and proves to be perhaps the one aspect of studio 54 that this film actually nails .
there are no " winners " at the end of this film either .
apparently the producers of this film realized just how bad it was , because it sat unreleased for years until someone decided that they might be able to capitalize off the success of mcconaughey and zellweger .
i am happy " flashes across the screen .
helpfully , in the end we do learn that the bizarre flashbacks of personal humiliation and murder that have permeated the film belonged to neal all along .
i had a good time .
" ghosts of mars " is lock , laughing stock , and barrel all your standard carpenter fare : dingy interiors , cluttered exteriors , inane dialogue , lots of leather , scarred , crazed-looking aliens , and lots and lots of weaponry .
every single actor turns in one of their best performances ever .
joan sims provides useful and amusing support as belle , the local bar owner who takes a fancy to the rumpo kid .
not even actually funny for a second .
" wild things " could be classified as a black comedy , a sultry film noir or a plain ol' erotic thriller , but the one category it doesn't qualify for is that of a quality motion picture .
donald sutherland has fallen on hard times recently by starring in thoroughly disposable films , such as 1994's " the puppet masters , " although i just watched him in the superb 1978 sci-fi classic " invasion of the body snatchers , " where he was fabulous .
their charm and chemistry are the glue that binds this film , even through some of the script's rough spots .
since the days of lon chaney and boris karloff few actors have crossed over to stardom in a role that required heavy make-up .
afterglow introduces us to two unhappily married couples .
the film , which cost $200 million+ to make and could of put 20th century fox into a lot of finicial trouble if it 'sunk' ( pun intended ) is a labour of love for cameron , who wrote and directed the film .
throughout , we get to meet the parents of the dead , broken souls who follow stephens like " the pied piper " ( passages of which are read during the film ) .
the movie itself is rated r - and for good reason .
elijah wood , one of the best child actors working today , is surprisingly average , although his choice of roles lately haven't exactly been brilliant ( i . e .
( if you think i just ruined a plot development , you haven't seen very many movies ! )
the movie is often like watching a filmed play .
for 8mm , he delivers a very wooden one , and only shines when he's interacting with joaquin phoenix ( who gives a great performance as a porn shop clerk with a heart of gold who helps cage with his case ) .
from start to finish , this movie does not let go of you .
a superb film , but sadly not perfect .
" blair witch project " had a story which was incredibly simple .
to the audience , the deputy's quiet exit concurs with their own sinking feeling of uneasiness as the mob's delirium crescendos .
i don't know if afterglow is the film to convert rudolph- detractors , but it seems that this movie is a little more accessible than some of the director's earlier productions .
she visits her friend's apartment monica ( harold perrineau jr . ) , who is a cross-dresser , blending right into the san francisco scene .
mulan , based on a chinese epic poem , is a classic tale of the triumph of the ugly duckling .
for annie , she does not give the readings merely for money , but uses it as a way of seeking solace in finding the good in everyone's future .
of course , there are other reasons not to like " mission to mars , " the main one being a script written by people who seem to assume their audience is filled with people who haven't used their brains in some time , and who don't intend to start during the film's running time .
the film's writer must have taken a cue from stephen king , as scenes from tracks of a killer seem lifted out of misery and gerald's game .
carroll o'connor is grace's grandfather marty o'reilly .
hell , that's what i do every day .
don't even bother with original sin , but if you do go , be honest with yourself and admit its pure sex appeal .
america during the late sixties was a conflict between old style cold warriors and the new hippie lovers .
when we do find out what has happened to amy , it does come as a slight disappointment , if only because it's too early in the film ; i for one could have done with an extra twenty minutes or so of mystery and bewilderment , but this affects the film little .
i guess a lot of physics money r&d went into travel and not weaponry .
one time he had to say to mcgann's doctor , " i always dress for the occasion . "
now i'm not sure if this was ms . suvari's fault or the director's , but i've definitely seen her at a much higher level than in this film .
the impressive thing is how well both aspects are presented , with no signs of bias .
from hank's reports which state his opposition to the army's methods of testing , he is transferred from hawaii to alabama .
having the cast that was present probably saved this movie from being an absolute catastrophe .
susan granger's review of " osmosis jones " ( warner bros . )
call jack nicholson and michelle pfieffer and beg them to reprise their roles as the joker and catwoman .
hers is a smart , compassionate characterization .
but when you watch this movie , there is no doubt that you will laugh .
his initial investigation into soviet assistance immediately tags patrice as a communist and his integrity is overshadowed by the cold war threat of russian domination .
bad cutting puts the timing way out .
why ?
also , the role isn't very much of a stretch from his dawson leary character .
cell phones are glowing bug like appendages .
the tie-up is tidy but nowhere near the squeaky clean resolution of ( director's name ?
when robbie's fianc ? e dumps him at his own altar , robbie gets depressed and turns to a plucky waitress called julia ( drew barrymore ) who has some problems of her own ( she's marrying a hunky junk bonds dealer who , unbeknownst to her , isn't that big on monogamy ) .
that could be a good story too , but it is not planet of the apes .
innocence triumphs .
the only other reference to frogs in the bible is as a symbol for uncleanness in revelation 16 : 13 .
nothing else , you can enjoy the martial arts choreography while making fun of the dialogue ) .
stay at home and rent up close and personal .
the main flaw in this film , which prevents it from earning four stars , is that it seems like spielberg and franzoni can't quite handle all of these issues at the same time , so instead they settle for addressing each one separately and simply editing the results into the same movie .
by now , you have heard of the scene where mulder " showers " independence day .
lead by harold barnes ( peter coyote ) , a top secret federal operative , the group descends to a mobile undersea headquarters set up next to the alien vessel .
in a sense , that's the movie's glaring flaw - everybody knows who the bad guy is , thus evaporating the level of paranoid tension nicely sustained by its prequel .
there are a few stupendous sequences , and the film pulls off a wonderful trick : we become truman's audience as much as the loyal viewers in the film .
the jury he selects work out well and before long he is offered a job with the firm .
yup those pretty much describe " end of days " .
at least in my own dreams , i can imagine a better movie where certain talent didn't go to waste .
when frequency was over , it made me wish i had seen it with my father so i could have given him a hug ( okay okay , shut up ) .
this film practically swept the " razzie awards " in 1999 , given out to the worst of all movie categories of the year , with no less than the " worst picture " award , the " worst screenplay " ( joe eszterhas ) , the " worst supporting actor " ( joe eszterhas ) , the " worst new star " ( joe eszterhas tied with jerry springer ) and the " worst original song " ( " i wanna be mike ovitz ! "
>from here on , nothing more should be said to keep the rest a surprise .
the scene is charged with racism and fraught with peril .
we actually see a shot of him pathetically poking at leaves in his yard .
movie reviewers have an obligation to see the good , the bad , and the despicable .
the faculty , the latest movie by from dusk till dawn director robert rodriguez , certainly proves this in typical hollywood fashion .
so who is it this time ?
denis leary plays the stereotypical strategist with no ethics who decides the only way for the scandal- plagued senator to win is to play up his irish roots and cash in on that boston roman catholic democrat contingent that's made the kennedy family so popular .
sometimes you just have to jump on the bandwagon and enjoy the ride .
how do we know this ?
1998 is a summer filled with disappointing blockbusters , and this film should satisfy where most of the others leave you completely dry .
the special effects are the second star to this feature .
randolph kret's script , based on two real life incidents that affected not only his life but the life of the film's producer shaun hill , is an affront on violence and intolerance .
we here some ominous music , which clues us that a confrontation is about to happen .
seven years ago , his first book was a hit .
the characters' inevitable romance doesn't feel contrived , but sweet .
how often does real life work this way ?
kirshner , so beguiling in exotica , is here an exquisitely photographed blank .
around 70% of the characters , if not more , are computer generated in one form or another , and though the effects are seamless , the movie lacks soul .
anyway , bellamy agrees to teach , and his wonderful lesson to his friends consists of letting them ride in his car while he rides from house to house having sex with women .
there is no method to this movie's madness .
when he is laid off from his job , after discovering the address of the father who abandoned him before he was born , he decides to journey to marseilles , in the south , to find the man he never met in " the adventures of felix . "
it gets worse when they talk and move .
at first glance , they seem blandly wholesome , but all that changes when tracy buzzes the home of her boyfriend shawn ( dean cain ) and spies him swimming with another woman .
even they way they talk , with awkward pauses and stumbles that don't feel staged at all , you feel like you're watching a real , albeit funny , documentary .
gratuitous crotch shots abound ( one of which makes the zipper cut-away in " there's something about mary " look like the height of subtlety ! ) .
and they're right .
if he had played the character straight , along the lines of leslie nielson in the " naked gun " series , he probably would have been a lot more successful .
with joel directing , ethan producing , and both writing , the coen brothers seem limitless in their capacity to turn our world inside out .
beyond an ability to use skin-diving gear , no special talents are required of him .
let's talk about the movie itself .
remember the simple strains of bizet's " habanera " in the original bad news bears ?
by december 1999 , the company boasted 4 , 000 employees in 11 cities , its barking ceo park attracting all kinds of media attention .
americans love lukewarm , half-baked thrillers starring big names and accompanied by cheap thrills .
i'm not sure said big twist ending is bulletproof , but i admired its audacity .
to wit , we present the disaster that is battlefield earth .
the film opens just before the beginning of a senior seminar at the town's ritzy , expensive high school .
ralphie's endless desire for the bb gun may transport you back to your childhood , when you were craving a certain gift for christmas and the anxiety was almost indescribable .
then a bunch of really predictable stuff starts happening .
i admit , i'm an avid fan of the mortal kombat series .
once that goal is accomplished , she manipulates events so that the expecting couple moves out of new york city to the horse farm where she lives .
when we finally see the transformation , the special effects thrust the story into the realm of science fiction , not the psychological horror that the tale demands .
good .
as i'd said , jones was fine , although he did not have much to work with .
their only human side seems to be in tensions among the members of the team .
after turning the power back on , however , there gradually are signs that something else is on the ship , and the electrical equipment is oddly working by itself .
watching the scene where nicholson is tossed out of the car by the voodoo doll , all i could think of was , " what a waste " .
jonnie goodboy tyler evolves into william wallace with lines like `you can have your freedom if you fight ! '
not to mention the story itself which is virtually non-existant and contains so many plotholes it's like swiss cheese .
plenty , unfortunately .
however , the message will never come across through poorly developed vehicles like this .
director sam mendes handles all of the particulars of the cast and the settings with a sure and composed style that is neither intrusive nor subtle .
the film opens in vatican city , roma 1979 -- where the pope is alerted by a young visionary priest tomaso , looking out at the night sky and seeing a comet whiz by , who proclaims after looking at his scrolls -- that's the sign for the 'eye of god , ' which reveals that a child has been born who is being prepared to give birth to satan's baby ( the anti-christ ) in the hour before the new century begins , when satan will fuck her and open up the gates to hell on earth .
" blair witch . . "
are people chasing her and we don't know who they are .
we never see her again .
so why did they bring him up there to begin with ?
they haven't spoken in years , and wouldn't even be making the long trip from norway to aberdeen , scotland by automobile if it weren't for kaisa's mother ( charlotte rampling , under the sand ) rotting away in a hospital bed from cancer .
instead of finding out , he drifts , comfortable in the insular cocoon of academic peter panhood .
in any case , the answer is no .
aiello stands out in the large , ensemble cast : he obviously relishes the opportunity to play such a nasty character ( a racist detective with mob ties ) .
this time , ashe ( french-accented actor vincent perez ) is retrieved from his watery death ( he and his young son were shackled together , shot , and then thrown off a pier ) by the crow who serves as his link between the worlds of the living and the dead .
so , while good will hunting is far from a late-year masterpiece , it's a worthwhile sample of entertainment .
and the ending gets all super-mushy , too .
that is , provided you're not put off by the ridiculously busy direction of bronwen hughes .
any movie with this much weighty talk would have a hard time maintaining momentum ( hurlyburly , anyone ? ) , and eventually dogma's pacing goes slack .
however , his efforts seem fruitless , since kahl still has many supporters , some of them even in the local law enforcement .
beauty .
he still beleives that maggie is his soulmate , and he dreads the impending start of school because he knows what's about to happen .
another reason i like this film is that i like b- science fiction movies .
sid james' gang including cyril his son ( kenneth cope ) try to find out where the pills are by getting cyril to dress up as a nurse and live in at the nurses home .
why ?
meanwhile gerard and his staff are using all their skills to hunt him down .
after 1900 catches max barfing everywhere during a storm , he sits him down on the piano next to him , takes the piano's braces off and plays while the piano flies all around the hall , taking them with it .
they hit it off like a couple can only in the movies .
my mom was so bored she brought out the coupon book midway through and , around the start of the second hour , i started writing my will .
forces of nature may restore your faith in romantic comedy as something with the power to enchant , something that can make you happy to be proved wrong when you expect a tale for and about adolescents .
you can tell that they have been animated on a computer .
john carpenter reprises so many ideas from his previous films , especially assault on precinct 13 , that the new film comes off as his homage to himself .
1 .
i have always been a fan of director neil jordan , from his early work , such as 1984's " the company of wolves , " to 1992's " the crying game , " and 1994's " interview with a vampire . "
add that to the entire police force of incompetents , save for jimmy smits ( whose talent agent advised him that playing the exact same cop character from nypd blue would be a good career move ?
as in all psychological thrillers , the battle lines are clearly drawn .
but lombardo , kelly and suzie are actually all working together , and plan to take the money and run as fast as they can .
at once ridiculous , boring , narrow-sighted and pointless , this is one movie that should be -- and will be -- quickly forgotten .
it's clunky and slow , like watching an 18-wheeler trying to accelerate up a hill .
as technically adept as jeunet's direction is , perhaps his ( and , for that matter , whedon's ) greatest contribution is the infusion of humor into this notably downbeat and serious series .
too much else is lacking .
they read the script , they knew they were entrusting millions upon millions of dollars into a director who might have very well been a cameron hack ( and he is ) , and they still went ahead with the project , only to have bruno and company shit back in their face .
also , i hate to admit , i have survived far worse than this .
george clooney is a real movie star .
but the story is really dumb , there aren't any characters , and the film isn't satisfying on any level beyond its visuals .
even so , it is a very good film .
steve zahn gives a hilarious performance , and steals nearly every scene he's in .
and so , in the end , it's left wide open for a third movie and - most likely - a brand new supporting cast .
the ladder sequence itself is a definite keeper but unfortunately the rest of the movie is just regurgitated crap .
these two lives , with parillaud looking like siouxsie sioux with a black wig , black emotionless eyes , and black leather clothing in the seattle-based assassin scenes , and moping around like karen carpenter in the jamaica scenes , play out endlessly throughout the film and the result is it's now * twice * as boring as it might have been .
one senses , however , that , by the end of this picture , the overall concept of a hip , self-referential slasher film has been played out .
out of sight is certainly a light film , although there are a few heavy moments that will linger in the memory .
the special effects are good , especially on the robotic yoshi .
i think he had two lines .
we will never have a chance to discover if tupac shakur could have been a great actor , but he had that unique quality in his eyes .
two parts that make up a whole .
where to begin in criticizing this movie ?
cue around 80 minutes of various and quite frankly tedious shoot- outs which take place in various locations .
a 1963 adaptation of the book was scary and intelligent .
it's not that he's bad per se , but he's not very interesting .
there are too many knowing , hip pop-culture references crammed into the scream 2 sequence , and the setup isn't nearly as cleverly frightening as scream's ; while the first film's preface dizzyingly built up to a final shot that was exhilaratingly terrifying , the payoff here is almost campily theatrical .
wing jing and see become friends during a confrontation .
australia has good cinematographers up the whazoo , but since weir and miller left for foreign shores , finding a good script or director seems to be a difficult ( not impossible--witness malcolm last year ) task .
as well she should .
apparently , crime in the bronx has gotten so bad that the residents have actually taken to ritually decapitating one another for entertainment .
pip becomes an arrogant s . o . b .
( there's a bird on one side of the card , a cage on the other .
otherwise the event was quite believable .
unrestrained by physical boundaries , allen's humor comes shining through .
but what can you say about a film whose high-points include watching carrey slink around to the theme from " mission impossible ? "
antonio hires ted for a couple bucks to watch his kids all night long , but things go wrong . . . it
each story continually progresses , and new and amazing events occur .
a key ingredient to the film is its ability to create an ongoing polemic about nuclear war , communism , the cold war , and the united states' role in all of it .
he's a really eccentric person and i loved one of his quotes about how he admits to being a mediocre director and that's what makes him great .
unfortunately , it seems much much longer .
emmet walsh ) .
but the point is , if you take a day off , do something different .
he does . . .
lonely being a cannibal .
there is just one world on top of another , and everything in them are fake and electronically generated .
she's a good witch too .
this involves years of studying buddhism and self-hypnosis .
i don't get the appeal of the style , which makes feature films look like tv ads .
ray liotta , although equally talented , perhaps doesn't look as the best choice for narrator and nominal hero of the film .
mullen at first agrees to pay the ransom , but when things fall apart he rethinks the situation .
maggie seems to be a little disturbed by this little kid watching her , but somehow he interests her , and soon they are talking and getting to know one another .
but the rest of the cast are excellent .
the world wrestling federation should have been the wrestling company to make the movie , for these reasons :
in its bleak , foreboding opening , shot in grainy black and white , he gets a lesson from phillotson ( liam cunningham ) , his teacher : as they stand upon a mountain , looking upon a city in the distance , he says all you have to do is work hard and you can have anything in the world .
if a bug has one of the humans screaming in its grasp , then five guys can stand around it and blast away on full auto without doing a damned thing .
the action scenes that are here are short and not very exciting .
malka's mother is worried that her daughter won't get married , so she arranges with the rabbi for her to marry yossef , someone whom she doesn't love .
sharp-eyed viewers will notice a few obscure references to that film .
her workmates are confused by gabriela's fascination with murder ; to them , it's just a day job .
after adams experiences the interior of the sphere , no one bothers to ask him what happened .
ultimately , none of these characters appears to love anyone else as much as they love themselves .
we then cut to a huge social gathering and drop in on another young kid named hank royce ( roescher ) who is sad because his divorced mother is dating .
roman emperor marcus aurelius ( richard harris ) chooses his trusted general maximus ( russell crowe ) as his successor .
the group of children , nina and henderson depart the front lines on a dangerous escape for italy .
and no explanation is given for the misspelling of " perfect " , either .
i guess he was picked for the color of his hair and the shape of his body , but he seems pretty lanky to me .
kids will laugh at the occasional belching bit , while their parents peacefully doze beside them .
it's at that moment where winslet's character really comes alive .
i wonder if this movie was originally conceived as part of francis ford coppola's projected series of gothic adaptations , a series that produced only " bram stoker's dracula " and " mary shelley's frankenstein . "
this film doesn't even add up the large details .
if time was a matter of concern and the film was edited to the two hour mark , it would have been unsatisfactory because we would not be able to know the characters as they are or as they treat others .
he also happens to be the pleasure-seeking worm who runs the big show .
will zoolander fulfill the dirty deed ?
they accomplish this task , but a traitor is in the bunch and the briefcase is soon on the run again .
and , having seen tarzan and the lost city , i would argue that the movie-going public would have been well served if he had missed by 12 .
in the flashback , dicaprio plays poor boy jack dawson , who , after winning a poker game , wins two tickets to board the grand ship titanic , leaving liverpool to go to america .
in the matchmaker , it happens when garofalo walks into her hotel bathroom and finds a nude sean ( david o'hara ) in the bathtub , his dog sitting at his side .
the results are little different than one would expect .
can o'donnell carry the weight of a film on his shoulders ?
there might've been a pretty decent teen mind-fuck movie in here somewhere , but i guess " the suits " decided that turning it into a music video with little edge , would make more sense .
surprisingly , co-writer steven e . de souza actually wrote the first two " die hard " movies !
a scene where they attempt to save a comrade floating away into space also provides some tension , until you realize that the entire danger/more danger/attempted rescue sequence has absolutely nothing to do with the rest of the film ; it's just a contrived way to generate thrilling scenes .
townspeople believe the spirit of a dead german mercenary is threatening them .
it's not rambo . . .
gilligan wrote the arbitrarily-titled home fries ten years ago ; it was shelved until he found success as one of " the took a second look at gilligan's " comedy " - they read it again wearing rose-tinted glasses .
i will say this : you know you're in trouble when deep impact dwarfs your asteroid movie in terms of emotion and scope .
such thing occurred in former yugoslavia some fifteen years ago , when national distributors gave such treatment to the right stuff , 1983 film directed by philip kaufman .
pyle then receives punishment from his fellow recruits , and things take a turn for the worst .
this exploitation of sex film without even delivering nudity or sex , is in my opinion , worst than a raunchy film that delivers what it says it will .
why on earth did atkinson and the gang decide it was time to completely rework everything ?
the costumes are also out of this world .
patrick stewart was the person i'd heard that was considered to play freeze , and he would've been so much better .
1900 .
these sequences are considered to be the best part in this three act film , even though i found the later portions to be equally stunning .
this is coming from a guy who thinks david duchovny is the human equivalent of a wooden plank .
it is now up to arnold to save the world and find the chosen woman .
the actors are kevin beacon and elizabeth shue .
if he continues his involvement with b-grade movies such as _knock_off_ , the respect he has from hk action fans will continue to diminish . . .
an occurrence of freakish solar activity allows police detective john sullivan ( james caviezel ) to speak to his fireman father frank sullivan ( dennis quaid ) through a ham radio , despite the fact that frank has been dead for 30 years .
its success made a sequel inevitable , but this is not the sequel , i suspect , anyone much wanted .
in fact , the creature is there for maybe three minutes total .
would a robert rodriguez film be the same without salma hayek's navel ?
a chance meeting with ricky hayman ( goldblum ) , a stressed-out executive of a home-shopping channel , and kate newell ( kelly preston ) , a no-nonsense media analyst , results in physical injury to g . quicker than you can say " the odd couple , " g ends up rooming with an extremely leery ricky .
as joe faces his peril , trapped in his burning cell , his dog rainbow rushes to be by his side .
thank god this film got delayed until december .
drew stars as sally , a dim ( but sweet ) , pregnant waitress at a small town burger joint located somewhere in the southern united states .
the plot could have been more organized , the action scenes could have been more brainy and less mind-numbing .
i'm not sure i should be writing a review of the witches of eastwick , because i'm not sure just what the hell ( pardon the expression ) was going on in it .
entrapment , in other words , relies too heavily on the audience not knowing what each character's true motive is , resulting in a convoluted story which leaves many scratching their heads in confusion .
" deuce bigalow " is the first project from adam sandler's company happy madison , the formation of which assures that we'll be seeing the sandler style of comedy mass-produced at an increasing rate in years to come .
summing up the movie is simple .
somehow , even though her car is parked at the front of the house , right by the front door , daryl is oblivious to her presence inside .
carol is a working woman living with her mother , trying to take care of a child with a debilitating respiratory problem .
annette bening ( oddly playing a merged version of her real estate salesman character from american beauty and her ditzy spiritualist character from mars attacks ! )
park , lord , and screenwriter karey kirkpatrick realize that an audience does not need a parody shoved in their faces before it's understood , and as a result , " chicken run " is filled with visual and verbal jabs that are never too obvious , but not quite vague either .
whitfield , regina king , della reese , and bobby brown all do what they can with lazily written parts , and they help it out a lot .
while it was part of former yugoslavia , my country , croatia , used to be almost completely ignored by western films in general .
i should have known , damn it , i should have known .
come on , she has a fighter pilot boyfriend/soon-to-be fiance .
the survivors of the expedition to lv-426 are returning home after battling and beating the aliens .
this was another of my fears for the film , but he's a really good dancer , and plays a mean harmonica ( although he may have been dubbed ) .
again like this past summers hit " stigmata " , " end of days " may be worse .
it hasn't worked so far .
titanic opens december 19th , and is released by paramount pictures and twentieth century-fox .
there's a innovative usage of black lighting that goes from being a novelty to a part of the plot .
this is definately not a flick to take the young kids to .
and although this is supposed to be from both perspectives of the human sex , prinze jr's ryan dominates the screen while forlani's jennifer simply acts as a dilemma for him to work with .
jack ( norton , acting as both narrator and protagonist ) is your typical cubicle clone , whose disillusionment is amplified by a seemingly incurable insomnia .
it's almost certainly different that anyone would imagine .
this time out , he's a famous chef who hosts an australian cooking show .
douglas triumphs , playing against type as he spends most of his time disheveled , unshaven and clad in a pink women's house robe .
christian meets satine ( nicole kidman ) , a courtesan from the legendary moulin rogue , and his world transforms from black and white to technicolor .
they are off course not answered , but posed in an intelligent manner .
ichabod is dispatched to the small town of sleepy hollow to investigate a series of murders .
aditi verma is marrying hemant , an indian engineer working in the us .
jack nicholson has a funny way of playing characters with very few redeeming qualities , but whom you end up liking anyway .
poor gary sinise's character is terrible , who completely changes throughout the start , the middle and the end , in an appalling way .
this exemplifies the problem with virtual seduction .
the actors are all miscast , especially emannuelle beart as jim phelps wife , who cannot act , and ving rhames as a computer hacker ( ! ) , who looks lost and embarrased to be in this movie .
the trailer for this movie actually showed some promise , the buzz around it had been so-so , and even the film itself starts off with a decent first twenty minutes , all leading you to believe that it's actually going to go " somewhere " .
it's not a movie about the high school basketball team and how its black star falls for the white girl from the other side of the tracks .
this is all going pretty fine and dandy , and it's extremely interesting to watch . . . then
the charisma of the two leads ?
capsule : gal is a 50s-ish london cockney gangster who has retired to spain .
every film like this has a big creature at the end , but the big creature in virus is so big that it has to tear down the walls to move around .
the romance between costars dylan mcdermott and elizabeth perkins doesn't work too well , but the film makes a strong case that richard attenborough is the definitive kriss kringle .
the very fast-paced film stars mel gibson as jerry fletcher , a fast-talking , witty , comical taxi driver in new york city .
he is metatron ( alan rickman ) , the voice of god , and he needs her help : she must stop two fallen angels from entering a new jersey church-the fate of the universe depends on it .
it may not however be the worst movie made but it certainly ranks as one bad movie .
when frank doesn't die in a fire , john is the only one who remembers it differently , while everyone else remembers it the new way .
in paris , he meets the cunning cardinal richelieu ( stephen rea ) , who is trying to overthrow the king , and richelieu's man-in-black associate febre ( tim roth ) , the killer of his folks .
everything dull , but hunky dory until a plane carrying illegal immigrants crashes almost ontop of the couple while they're on their boat .
however , while the success of a disney animated feature is generally a given as far as box-office receipts , merchandising dollars , and glimmers in the eyes of little children , critically they are as varied as anything else that hollywood has to offer .
king's atlantis is a book comprised of five related short stories , but the main focus here is on the first ( and longest ) tale , called low men in yellow coats ( the film's title comes from the second chapter ) .
right off the bat , kelly is using every asset she has in an effort to seduce " mr . lombardo " .
his wife carolyn ( annette bening ) is reduced to keeping up appearances and reciting commercialist slogans .
i don't know how many other people have had the idea cross their mind that their life could be an ongoing television show watched by another world of people , but it's something i used to wonder about when i was younger .
i felt rewarded at the end of henry fool ; this movie creeps up on you-at a slow 139 minutes , i mean creeps-and despite the final shot's ambiguity , i left completely satisfied .
she protests , thinking that perhaps this man has ulterior motives , but he insists .
when he goes through his late mother's papers he learns that the father he never knew is living in marseilles , hundreds of miles away .
the special effects of " monkey bone " is what might really bring in some curious viewers , these special effects are highly effective , and nice to look at with the eyes .
the first thing that struck me . . . and
but , because of the way they were both raised , she is still a virgin .
i don't know why , really .
he rides on his sister's coattails , and any hit movie he makes has nothing to do with him .
they are basically chess pieces and the viewer has little reason to root for them to win .
the charge was health code violations and kevin once again shows his skill and earns an acquittal .
in other words , a mess .
katherine kerr ) .
my opinion on a film can be easily swayed by the presence of actors i love .
this really isn't a good movie .
there is a serious mystery to solve , and i enjoyed following a fun couple solving the mystery .
the movie demonstrates just how far a good script and actors can take a mundane idea .
the best part of the movie , in my opinion , comes at the very end , when we flash back to the future .
i've already pointed out that it can't fall under drama , comedy , thriller or action , so what do you classify the babysitter as ?
but it does .
the production neither panders nor talks down to its audience .
in the meantime , moxxon's kid brother forms a cult , and a bubblegum-blond cheerleader smears whip cream on herself to seduce the new star quarterback .
are we to assume that toddler truman had no recollection of hearing the construction of such a gigantic dome during his formative years ?
then , rather suddenly , i was clubbed over the head with a nasty bit of violence ; shortly thereafter , i was whacked in the gut by another .
it played with the greatest fears of our sub conscience .
director michael winterbottom and screenwriter frank cottrell boyce vividly express the societal destruction that has occurred .
when this is the highlight reel , you know the remaining film could leave something to be desired .
connery's voice and ilm team up to provide us with a truly magnificent dragon .
the characters are mere devices for the " nasty " twists .
the three students head to mrs . tingle's house , attempting to set the facts straight and clear leigh ann's name .
geoffrey rush is nothing short of incredible and judi dench is breathtaking .
how julia roberts is used solely as a " puppy dog " character , puttering around in the background while we endure the complete bitchiness of zeta-jones' character , who is not one bit funny or romantic ( two ideal ingredients in a " romantic comedy " ) , is also beyond me .
and i think you know what those two things are .
another thing that helps " chicken run " ( and most of park's films ) succeed is the animators' subtle way of giving nods to the very films they're cribbing .
by the time this section of the plot is finished , the interest for what happens ( if you haven't already figured it out ) is very low .
made out to be some kind of negotiating superman , our first look at him has him hopelessly trying to get his family moving to set out on vacation .
watching the film's team getting around security the viewer is frequently asking himself either " what the heck are they doing ? "
all the classic elements of the oriental mystique are thrown into the mix , including the art of contemplation and the concept of martial dexterity as the physical equivalent of spiritual advancement .
and , it pains me that mariah carey -- with her ego and sanity in such fragile condition these days , as evidenced by her multiple hospital stays -- will have to suffer through all the negative reviews she's likely to get .
this is basically the whole plot .
and i love gillian anderson .
in order to appreciate alien 3 , you need to see aliens , but you also have to wipe away all the expectations from its predecessor .
dreamworks pictures presents a jinks/ cohen company production kevin spacey annette bening " american beauty " thora birch allison janney peter gallagher mena suvari wes bentley and chris cooper co-producers stan wlodkowski alan ball music by thomas newman costume designer julie weiss film editor tariq anway chris greenbury production designer naomi shohan director of photography conrad l . hall , a . s . c .
in the dinner scene that was , unfortunately , flatly done , but was nevertheless the heart of the film , as all the main characters get a chance to speak out from the point of view they represent as they eat meat , a means of getting protein that the radical scientists have eschewed since they became so politically correct about everything .
bluto !
so , due to luigi's ( john leguizamo ) girlfriend - princess daisy - they go and investigate .
the chopper with the fire-retardant chemicals has only enough to save one group .
i mean , i know the guy is smart and all , but i would have appreciated a little more " realism " under some of the circumstances .
until he learns just who his secret benefactor is .
stahl narrates all this in a motel bedroom to a sympathetic lover called kitty ( norristown's own maria bello ) with whom he spent some rehab time .
wigand's severance agreement swears him to secrecy about anything he knows about tobacco dealings , but he is reluctantly he stretches the severance terms .
but this one is a near flawless example of how well a perfect script and timing can mesh with first-rate acting , wit and suspense , glorious music , and terrific set peices .
a gripping story evolves , and a coherent one , too , which may surprise those familiar with argento's often lumpy narratives .
j . t .
however , it is much more than that .
duchovny has so much presence , and is just a fun guy to watch .
but since this is a modernization , in other words a dehumanization , he doesn't stop there .
a bleak look at how the boston underworld operates , a film which was based on the best-seller by george v . , higgins .
the only thing worse than the screenplay is the fact it's presented in a completely serious manner without a trace of satire , and is so pathetic it's laughable .
but there are no real subtle comic moments .
the wedding sequence includes a number of nice moments , most notably the aforementioned bathroom scene in which a simple question is given a very funny spin .
in addition to providing the central " pro-nuclear war " voice that the film warns against , he also makes key remarks about communists that show just how much fear and resentment people of the period were prone to when it came to communism .
jay is a motor mouth who hasn't met a subject that he couldn't vulgarize .
john cusack plays his character convincingly but it is the strong supporting cast , consisting of big stars and character actors , that really defines rob .
the plot is pretty much what we expect : the big dinosaur-like creature comes out of the water and starts smashing new york city , and it's up to our heroes to figure out why this thing is on its rampage and how it can be stopped , while the military makes futile attempts to bring the creature down .
all of the monkeys combine their efforts , hop in a cab and take the finished product downtown to director bob clark's office .
it features another late-seventies rock band ( the ramones ) and a far more interesting story about a girl trying to get tickets to their show .
things get a little strange as the movie nears its climax , when vincent's relationship with his brother comes back into view .
the film star wars was released , with extraordinary , never seen before techniques of special effects .
as director , ginty did very little to improve that impression .
the locals all let the illegal activities go on undisturbed : the police sergeant ( campbell ) pretends not to notice what the bright lights in grace's greenhouse is for , the friendly vicar ( phillips ) counsels about the wisdom of not taking action over something that you can't control , and the doctor ( clunes ) enjoys smoking the weed for recreation .
and the circus trainer pines for a long-lost ideal that was exemplified by world-renowned trainer and showman clyde beatty , who starred in such serials as zombies of the stratosphere ( excerpted at some length here , with affection ) .
( an example of the mentality involved : if the stock price goes up like this , and then down like that , and then sharply up this way , it then will go * this * way . )
but one must strain through too much of this mess to find the good .
crowe's bud white is the most impressive of all ; head-strong and temperamental , he should obtain some sort of recognition for his work here .
at one point , when the two are discussing the likelihood of romantic interest , heche asks ford how old he is .
we see one side of a person's faces .
one of the funnier sight gags has the women using a pink , clam-shaped , birth control case that contains high tech gadgetry .
in the hunted , this is elevated to the level of an insulting stereotype .
the father ( played by j . t .
this is a big bore of over-produced action sequences and shallow characters .
to taunt spader , who has relocated to chicago , reeves packs up his trusty piano wire and moves too .
the full monty received four oscar nominations including best picture .
good question .
the sweeps of the ships are awesome , although digital domain , who did the effects , cannot animate human movement too well .
joe cartoon syndrome , where almost everyone seems to get out of harm's way just in time .
predictably , he and the missus get it on in a sequence best described as unpleasant , his evil seed impregnating her with twins and realizing that great " bowfinger " line about " alien love . "
melvin is a man we can't quite figure out , but whose mannerisms and quirky qualities capture our attention .
to many american mothers there's probably nothing more pathetic and unsettling than the sight of a theater full of unsupervised little eight year olds laughing raucously as movie character father adam sandler jokes about a woman's " ice cold tits . "
note to screenwriters and self : when you hit the big time , and the studios come knocking for those scripts that are sitting in your bottom drawer , tell ? em all to hit the road .
the story takes place at the extravagant home of an aging patriarch ( henning mortizen ) , who has just turned 60 and is having a party thrown for him .
however , their approach to each other is perhaps not surprising considering their vocation .
knowing that will is going to try to shred him too , sean ( robin williams ) agrees to take him on as a favor to lambeau and for the chance to meet this next einstein .
what really disturbs me are the jokes that bookend the film .
there are only two scenes of him cooking .
we don't see her in flight , so i can't tell how she handled her motion sickness problem -- unless she flew the plane .
whether this companion is a distant family member or a spouse , each character begs for one and spends the whole film searching for the perfect one .
even the scriptures themselves are a result of god giving revelation to his " holy men . . .
or fun .
i remember first hearing about men in black back when i was a comic geek in the 7th grade and read magazines like wizard , etc . ( for those of you who aren't comic-geeks , wizard is basically to comics what car and driver is to cars , what the new yorker is to high society , what boy's life is to boy scots .
gore vidal and xander berkeley both provide some very good supporting roles , and berkeley also gives a heartfelt discussion towards the end of the film .
production design by terrence marsh spans continents and gives the right look , whether it is in a hong kong karaoke bar or a high stakes las vegas casino .
but that 15 seconds isn't worth sitting through the other 90 minutes .
to those raised on the brainless action fare that pollutes movie theaters these days , the andromeda strain will probably seem interminably slow .
if you've never seen " indiana jones , " the chase sequence is still fun .
scorsese also manages to break viewer's moralistic inhibitions by showing truly revolting material - scenes that depict personal tragedies , broken homes , human depravity , violence , bloodshed and murder - in all their uncompromising reality , but in a manner that would make it amusing and funny to the audience .
armageddon is a comedy , with a capital " c " .
the film is balanced on that airy precipice dividing the already musty past from the alternately exhilarating and terrifying space that is the future .
he's proud of , and amazed by , will's accomplishments in mathematics .
rounding out the cast are jake busey as angus , dorian's overzealous brother and daryl mitchell as roy , dorian's trainer at the fast food restaurant .
take " john carpenter's ghosts of mars " ( please ) .
mona's husband phil ( fichtner ) jeckle and hydes from shirking coward to reptilian letch .
his first two films were classic films , the second one being one of the greatest films of all time .
phew !
the set design and cinematography are outstanding , and while scorsese occasionally seems to get carried away with the spectacle , it helps to augment the cultural contrast when the dalai lama travels to china to meet chairman mao .
as the woman sits down , she looks over to see judith by herself , and motions for her to come join them .
let's hope that hollywood offers these two actors something fresh to do .
tom hanks is stunning as capt john miller , set out in france during ww ii to rescue and return home a soldier , private ryan ( matt damon ) who lost three brothers in the war .
amazingly , all the talk they do about keeping commitments and upholding responsibilities only really applies to fun things , things they want to do , not things they are required to do to keep earning money .
we even watch as one of them sneaks into the kitchen of a restaurant and expertly prepares a french omelet .
an impressive aspect of this is that fincher only shows a few seconds of film before cutting to a title card .
she'd like to be a reporter herself , and when godzilla comes ashore , she figures this is her big break .
the film begins explaining that a ronin is a masterless samurai .
" it's the end of the world as we know it ( and i feel fine ) at the beginning .
christian slater utters a few lame one-liners and does a lot of mugging for the camera .
a tough cop who beats the hell out of a guy who tried to kill him ?
using flawless special effects , the climax is exhausting , leaving any audience member drained from extreme anxiety .
invisible hands terrorize her family , flinging objects across rooms , shaking tables , rattling floorboards .
betty has an interesting theme , though it doesn't even seem aware of this .
earlier i mentioned a fully-clothed hand-job ; this occurs between kathryn and sebastian valmont , both of whom are intended to be hateful at this point in the movie .
and did basinger lose some of her acting " talent " during her hiatus from the profession after her 1997 oscar win ?
witness said opening shot : we see an aerial view of coastal georgia with its writhing , undulating landscape while the soundtrack grumbles ominously in our ear .
a year passes , and malcolm is treating another child with the same symptoms vincent displayed .
it's accepted wisdom in some circles - among english literature nuts , mainly - that whenever a critic knocks shakespeare they are only doing so through ignorance .
george clinton's score is a delight to behold .
in pulp fiction , even the small , seemingly irrelevant characters were wonderful , complete , and lifelike , whereas jackie brown has such common figures that it wouldn't have suffered much with a lesser talented cast , the exception being grier .
[pg]
the musketeer instead weighs itself down with a predictable and monotonous screenplay by gene quintano ( sudden death ) , horrible acting by stephen rea and tim roth , and the prosaic attempt of justin chambers ( the wedding planner ) to deliver his mousy self as a leader .
his big accomplishment , however , is bringing the old , smiling ford back .
if you're going to make another sting movie , you've got to do something original .
romeo & juliet contains so much drama , yet enough comedy and action to be placed in either of those categories .
soon , he's out working with the two untrusting agents , and trying to help them catch him .
to cast away her love for the irresistible toninho , she calls her spiritualist friend and gets her to cast an irreversible spell , freeing her from ever loving him again .
these guys personify the homophobic gay image .
after that , 1900 and max become friends .
scenes of carolyn walking through the rain , carry an ominous fission that calls attention to the emotions of the character .
keep this in mind , if you're in the mood for a good action film -- rent the fugitive .
lupone - i heard her sing on an old " evita " cd , and you could just feel her stage presence without even seeing her ) .
what i really enjoyed about steiger's character was that he did not completely abandon his friends or connect with tibbs at the end of the film .
that's pretty much what you've got here .
another problem is we never see anybody panicking .
she is experiencing severe depression over kevin's long hours , and before long is having horrible dreams and hallucinations of people turning into ghouls , their faces becoming horribly disfigured .
indiana jones in the oval office .
satan's numeral is actually " 999 , '' which is upside down of " 666 . ''
then toward the end the stories each build to a tense moment again .
spoon is an idea for a character at best as written by hall , but shakur displays an intelligence and survival instinct which struggle with his addiction .
this multiple points of views , both in terms of narration and various subjective shots , only lengthens the ironic distance towards characters and their situation .
at the beginning , she looks like she's too busy concentrating on her singing to act , but she eventually gets it right , though never really getting the presence of , say , patti lupone ( who did the role in its american premiere back in the late 70s ) .
? music by the spice girls .
the best things about the film are its fight scenes .
sutherland and kingsley seem to be playing the same role that they've played in both of their respective careers of late , but nonetheless , appeared to relish the cold-heartedness of their chosen characters .
both platt and judd give solid performances that lend their characters a deep likeability .
inspired by the success of a chippendale's production , gaz ( robert carlyle ) decides they should all put on a strip show to make some money quickly .
and trust me , the rest of the 2 hours are not worth it .
the title character of his pet project is a vicious , uncaring history teacher who is played deliciously over-the-top by british actress helen mirren .
one final visual problem is that the film frequently shows its budget in what should be spectacular battle scenes the camera shows us only a small group of people close-up .
howard deutch , who was behind the camera for two of the best films of '80s - pretty in pink and some kind of wonderful , has since been doing grumpier old men and caroline in the city episodes .
if they were trying to make a horror-action-comedy , it would have helped if it were established early on in the film , but unfortunately , with the backstory of imhotep's entombment , that would be impossible .
forget the cartoon concern of lara flynn boyle or cynthia nixon , disposable as mom and nanny , respectively , the ones to watch are the ones who are wincing .
although the movie doesn't lack capable actors , their roles are miniature compared with walken's , and only colin blakely as cynical reporter has opportunity to portray his character .
moses grows up but learns of his heritage and flees into the desert , where he discovers the burning bush and is commissioned by god to return to egypt and free the slaves .
this becomes embarrassingly apparent , for example , as the movie tries to develop a romantic bond between liu kang and princess kitana .
and in 50 years , godzilla has maintained that degree of 'whatever' .
" were you poor ? "
the writers and producers took a butcher knife and chop-chopped into the story .
i will not go into detail , but you can guess what happens here .
this movie still adheres to them .
the flying inkpot's rating system : * wait for the video .
yes , she goes for the majority , but , miracle of miracles , the other three come out alive anyway .
an instant film noir classic , " memento " is virtually flawless .
but the other side fades into the darkness , a sort of metaphor for the half-world these characters in-habit .
russell gives a fine performance , as do most of the cast , one that is not upstaged by the action orchestrated in the second half of the film .
8mm , written by seven scribe andrew kevin walker , has an interesting idea which is ruined by hollywood formula to become a bog standard murder mystery .
on the road , he witnesses a race-related mugging that turns into murder and , frightened for his own safety , runs away without telling the police .
its also a damn shame that the makeup magic of rick baker -- who worked on the original nutty professor and won an academy award for his work on an american werewolf in london -- and amazing digital special effects that enabled murphy to interact with himself in such beautiful motions are built around such a lame story line .
people with bad 70's hair run around in leisure suits engaging in music video sequences that look like a sick and twisted world of make-believe from an overly demented mr . rogers .
too long , too boring , too predictable and too ridiculous for anyone interested in watching a good movie .
it is up to the wannabe superheroes to save the day .
perhaps any cooperation he is getting has been in some ways managed .
the shot has tibbs' face completely covered by the shadows of the prison bars .
one thing has struck a wrong note with me concerning mimi leder's direction , which also influences the actors .
gee , whiz , there are so many things wrong with this movie , i don't know where to begin .
the adults in this film are furiously beaten by these youngsters in diapers .
and spawn unapologetically targets children .
finally , in the cargo hold , we see those that hired him .
all you have to do to enjoy mighty joe young is shut up and watch .
following one dead end lead after another , each funnier than the previous , they eventually end up in new mexico with his real biological parents : alan alda and lily tomlin .
if anyone has seen the movie and would like to voice an opinion about this , e-mail me at venom8@hotmail . com .
within a short stretch of time we have seen the release of mission to mars , red planet , and ghosts of mars .
his father jim ( jamey sheridan ) is rarely seen and his mother janey ( sigourney weaver ) is having an affair with married neighbor ben hood ( kevin kline ) .
with `dark city' the messenger seems to be mistaken for the message .
suddenly out of contact , and with standing orders to remain on course until receiving new directives , the bomber pilots cannot be recalled , and they proceed to moscow with the intention of destroying it with a nuclear strike .
and on top of all that , by the end of this flick , the director seems to have realized how dumb the audience must be to have bought most of the garbage that he'd been shoveling out for the hour and a half prior , and decides to add insult to injury by flashing back to an earlier character's death when one of the bad guys dies , just so we know ( as an audience ) , that the two are interrelated somehow .
original enterprise captain james t . kirk appears on both ends of the story , though they cut the scene where shatner turns to the screen to plead " get a life . "
" ohh ohh ee - tarzan - ee ee ohh ? "
he speaks in a hushed but menacing tone of voice .
aww . . .
as the weekend progresses , they are both forced to fully engage life .
they should have called this movie bad lieutenant 2 as keitel has nothing on this man .
when we first encounter this curmudgeon in the midst of his workshop , we hear his sardonic narration on the soundtrack as students bombard one of their own with unfair criticisms .
thora birch holds her own against the talents cast with her .
not only did the film not do so hot at the box office , but it was also panned by critics .
after seeing antz , i vowed never to intentionally step on an ant again .
tone down the violence and this will be a chick flick .
darren ( jason biggs ) , wayne ( steve zahn ) , and j . d . ( jack black ) have been best friends since the fifth grade .
for a schwarzenegger movie , this is not bad at all .
" shrek " does the same for eddie murphy ; ironically , though , murphy's ideal vessel turns out to be an ass .
i consider contact as one of the must-sees for this year .
when wayans's darryl witherspoon , an economics major at stratford university , hits some dire financial straits , he becomes a guinea pig for a experimental drug that heightens all five senses .
the rocky horror picture show 'special edition' ( 1975 )
it's an abortion , a collection of half-formed and wasted ideas that amounts to absolutely nothing in the end .
there's an explosion which ends the film that is one of the weakest looking cgi effects since the president's plane crashed into the ocean at the end of air force one .
the script suffers from random plot developments .
the movie is very well done and the script top-notch , although i doubt i understood more than half of the political mumbo jumbo .
that's the film's biggest detriment : it is based on a false assumption and thus comes off as painfully false .
54 is dull , perfunctory , uninspired , and boring .
the audience should now hate this character .
what is considerably noticeable is the gaping plot holes , and lack of character development .
meanwhile , another villain shows up , poison ivy ( uma ! ) , who was a dorky scientist chick working on flowers in south america with a twistet scientist ( john glover ) who kills her when she finds out he's used her research to develop an uberman , bane , who is basically a man pumped with chemicals which probably killed any personality he ever had .
these are among the many problems that plague " never been kissed . "
the spice girls are themselves as interchangable as pringles , and about as talented .
the last third of the film revolves around this attempt .
he is the anchor to this movie , as he is the one character who george lucas apparently spent some time fleshing out .
kid : my dad's an asshole .
the fiancee is a giddy , school-girl type , embarrassed by everything , a complete contrast to her rival jackie-o's bitter pseudo-sophistication .
the acting is ok , and i was especially surprised at the solid performance by tv friend's matt leblanc who shows us all that he's definitely more than just a pretty face .
henry's story is a blast against the shallowness of the american media and the mindlessness of fame , yet the screenplay delivers this sharp message by focusing on just a few characters .
his uneventful direction prevents any aspects of his screenplay to be appreciated ( not that his writing here is especially good ) .
by the way , there's something in the opening credits which says " based on an idea by the spice girls " .
maryam d'abo , about the only actor close to being a star here ( she played the bond chick in the living daylights ) , is equally adequate as the " stalked " of the title , even though she seems too ditzy at times to be a strong , independent business-owner .
and if anyone making this film expected us to , like , feel suspense or something while watching the wedding singer , then they truly underestimated their audience .
tensions build and conflicts arise as the anniversary night of son of sam's first murder looms ; the night he promises he will strike again .
moreau does what any good surviving twin brother would do and goes to new york to find out why mikhail was killed , and why everyone in france who knows anything about him is also being killed ( we wonder the same thing ; i still do ) .
cruella de vil ( glenn close ) is released from prison due to the " cure " of her puppy homicide urges by one dr . pavlov .
british actor michael york has appeared in some real stinkers in past few decades , a far cry from the quality fare of his younger days such as caberat ( 1972 ) .
in the hands of controversial director larry clark ( " kids " ) , however , it has less to say about its subject matter and more to say about the filmmaker's pornographic proclivities .
hoblit is three for three , and i hope he can keep it up .
the astounding cinematography in this film must also be given notice .
daylight is a great film , i saw a non-matinee showing of it , and i thought it was worth every penny .
as in the original film , " toy story 2 " contains first-rate animation , and pixar studios has done a remarkable job improving on the impressive work they did there .
they quickly spot their prey in the form of christine ( stacy edwards ) , a fragile deaf woman working as a temp .
gradually the film settles into a shampoo-like tragi-comic character study , of a guy who must confront himself and his personal failures in order to figure out the true person he is ( yes it's all very existential ) .
" it's your first summer here , you know , " mayor vaughn warns him .
wong as shang a little strange ( you may remember him as martin short's wedding planner assistant in the father of the bride ) , but they used robbie benson for the voice of the beast in beauty and the beast , so i guess anything's possible .
this movie really sucks .
the only notable performance from the support cast comes from joan sims as madame desiree , who is travelling around the country escorting her starlets the 'birds of paradise' and sporting a fake french accent .
she was snubbed at the oscars for this one , mainly because the film was a critical bomb .
but don't fret , it will surface again .
a man of no importance 98 min .
. . . which is what the crowd at the showing i attended spontaneously did throughout _knock_off_ .
and " what the hell happened to me ? " ) ,
so that was bad enough to be cut , but the other 30 minutes of bride shenanigans was good ?
he assigns fei-hong a series of bizarre tasks , such as filling jugs with water while hanging upside down from a frame , cracking walnuts with his hands , and other such exercises , that seem like more pointless cruelty but are actually strengthening him up .
guido has finally fulfilled his dream of opening a bookstore .
the movie is all about images and remarkable sound .
what are the lessons we can learn from wargames ?
shane black netted a cool $4 mil for his script ; i'm not so sure if his prose is truly deserving of such a hefty price tag , but for what it's worth , it delivers the goods .
in the world of " what have you done for me lately ? " , he knows his second book has to be better than his first .
my thoughts after meeting him on november 21 , 1997
if hell means having to spend an eternity with elizabeth hurley ( who portrays the fiery demon ) , then use that pitchfork and point me the way .
pullman is terrific as zero , showing a comic flair that i really haven't seen from him since spaceballs .
it starts with andrew niccol ( gattaca ) , who created the script ten years ago .
error .
adequate support is provided by ben affleck ( chasing amy ) and stellan skarsgard ( breaking the waves ) .
while many people will walk into the film expecting a big special effects fest with the asteroid blowing everything up ( as the trailers seem to promise ) , the film is actually more of a character study , if a very poor one .
the concept is deceptively pedestrian .
and being jealous , she cuts lesly down mercilessly .
but the majority of the film is a convoluted and confusing mess .
you don't get that many friends . . . "
the story revolves around a mother-daughter con-team .
amanda detmer brings nothing ( or gets nothing ) as darren's one and only .
gosh !
one should be warned against seeing the trailer .
you're forced to swallow some pretty gruesome stuff .
and , while most of the first 2 . 5 hours runs very fast and well-paced , the final 45 minutes almost comes to a sudden stop , and you realize that this sappy love story has to finish itself out before the movie finally ends .
many other elements conspire with the disappointing script and abundant special effects to drag spawn down .
'three years later' appears on the screen , and we discover that the judas breed is back , bigger than ever , and ready to kill .
the muppet movie is the first , and the best movie among the ever-growing list of muppet movies .
there's a right way to have fun , and a wrong way to have fun .
of course , any attempt at character development or a coherent storyline is just window dressing for the film's main attraction--an endless parade of full-frontal nudity .
any good moments that this film fails to make are even more destroyed by the story line .
pam gets ready to avenge his death by grabbing up an armful of semi-automatic weapons and strapping an ammunitions belt to her chest .
coburn displays heft as the bitter dad .
if you thought that was completely tasteless and unfunny , don't see curdled .
some of the scenes would work if this were a comedy .
in the supporting roles , billy cox is greatly sympathetic as the ira leader losing control of his daughter and his workers .
this is a terrifically presented piece of psychological drama , and nolte turns in a strong performance as a man whose pain seems to become a detriment as well as a necessity .
as the movie gains speed , foster's acting intensifies and the audience really does experience it with her .
at the same time , stab 3 , the third film-within-a-film based around the characters and events of woodsboro and windsor college , has taken a less authentic approach this time around in return to woodsboro ; whereas the account of the first two films was true , the franchise within " scream " has now become totally fictional .
it's all right to change or embellish fantasy to suit a movie's entertainment value , but doing so to historical facts doesn't work nearly as well as creating nagging questions in the viewer's minds and plot holes that are never filled .
what starts out as a dumb guilty pleasure which should be fun to mock with a group of friends ends with a complex finale with way too much going on .
plus that this film has going for it , is that in many places it is unintentionally hilarious .
burton's musical collaborator , danny elfman , provides another fine score , though it is not as memorable as his work on batman or sleepy hollow .
ugh .
glimcher never tells .
some movies i should just skip .
nobody looks as if their having a good time , and all the performers are on autopilot .
the cops won't lift a finger to help a liberal attorney .
owen templeton ( cuba gooding jr . ) is currently the most hated man in america .
writer brian helgeland has created a terrific story , and when watching this film , you are left to wonder if all of jerry fletcher's far-fetched ( or so they seem at first ) conspiracy theories are helgeland's own opinions .
the psycho ruler of the smokers , the " deacon , " is trying to get her and find his way to dryland .
the only good thing that came out of this movie was that the producers had to make the next film in the series ( the infinitely superior " the spy who loved me " ) a great film in order for the bond franchise to survive .
he was a willing participant in a creative travesty .
in the second category we have ms . henstridge , her blonde hair pulled back tightly and awkwardly into a ponytail , ice cube ( as the appropriately-named " desolation " ) , pam grier ( briefly , oddly--who wanted to work with whom i wonder ? ) , and a host of extras all assuming that the story and special effects were going to carry this film and therefore they didn't need to try too hard .
as written by joe eszterhas ) .
denis leary ( one of my favorite actors -- see the ref ) is the " fad king " , who handles the profitable " back-end " -- t-shirt tie ins and shoe contracts and other creative , innovative ways to separate a fool from his money .
summer of sam has some superficial elements of a good film : it looks great , it has a few notable performances and i suppose it's pretty well directed , in a purely technical way .
the whole mess concludes with a big , loud , obnoxious gun-and-plane battle that had me praying for the end credits .
third , the main character is a mercenary that delivers goods without asking about the contents of his cargo ( treat williams ) .
on top of that , young billingsley's stupefied reactions to each predicament is absolutely perfect in contrast with the narration .
the chief complaints of those who disliked the futuristic adventure appear to be that the movie focused on visuals instead of substance , that the story was thin , that mark wahlberg's character was colorless and that the surprise ending sucked .
it's too inept to be funny .
quaid , who has never been to mars , keeps on having dreams of the planet , which has now been colanised .
well , at least this is a little more realistic than mtv's " the real world . "
they readily discuss their business arrangements : including percentages , lifestyles , knockin ( stealing another pimp's ho ) , and the thrill they get from women giving them money .
uma thurman is . . . well , uma thurman .
using their logic , all that really needs be done to change the bad movie into a good movie is cast a bunch of super-famous actors and provide an almost unlimited production budget .
her character is supposed to be depressed , having tended to an unloving mother for too many years , but taylor plays nell as supernaturally lame , alternately grouchy , mopey , wiggy and pathetic , and i kept wondering why the other characters didn't just ditch this bitch .
the scenes are such that i would like to see some of those sights filmed myself .
i'll be the first one to grant that everybody needs a day off now and then .
the film's use of flashback quickly gets boring .
sandra bullock was said to have been glad that she could take action this time around .
" didn't see it coming , didya ? " )
after the professor discovers that smearing a golf ball with the gunk causes it to bounce uncontrollably around his lab wreaking havoc , i cringed as he picked up a bowling ball .
jack lemmon and walter matthau reprise their roles as felix the neat freak and oscar the slob .
initially slated for release last november , the film was bumped twice , finally landing in the dog days of summer 2001 .
never question authority .
the story goes like this .
along the course of the movie , there are even a few , although brief moments of comedy .
these two l . a . not-so-wise guys also work for max ( peter falk ) , a mid-level mobster , who is patient and understanding with bobby , but who hates ricky's guts .
the answer is no .
i have nothing against " modernizing " classic works of literature - at the very least , they can inspire viewers to actually read the book - but films as dull as this have no positive side effects .
it is hard to tell what is independent about this film ; it might as well have been made in hollywood or on a home videocam .
winslet's character grows up a lot during the movie , and so does her performance .
deniro and hoffman are " stealing " the election , so to speak , and the movie is more about how they do it -- and the fun they have doing it -- than anything else . )
played with typical self-lampooning , rug-chewing histrionics by dennis hopper , " deacon " is the only thing in the movie that's close to amusing .
much ado about nothing .
so off they go to catharine in the hope that she can go inside carl's mind and find out where the cell is in time .
the script is a classy piece of work , featuring a master who can spit slime out of his mouth and nice dialogue , and the movie as a whole is one fans will love , and it is a good stand alone viewing for nonfans to enjoy the series .
i guess i'm glad that i didn't walk out-- there's some nice train stuff at the end and a fun nod to dr .
of course , no one was expecting much of a plot from this movie anyway .
the director ?
bill murray is his equal as blume , displaying a depth we haven't yet seen from him .
the church was a dismally dark and oppressive place .
outworld's warriors include an impressive collection of fighters , including shao kahn , mintoro ( a centaur ) , sheeva ( a four-armed ogre ) , and sindel .
in " mimic " , del toro doesn't bother to give us anything original .
though by the end , the film pulls the rug out from under us so frequently that everything i've described might as well be irrelevant .
paul scofield is fine as the overzealous judge danforth , but the incessant moral posturings of all the characters along with the recurrent histrionics of the young girls pricks at the nerves .
andre braugher , late of the television show " homicide : life on the street , " gives a nice supporting turn as frank's best friend and future colleague of john .
he turns to burglary to survive , robs a loan back , kills the loan officer and runs with thousands .
in addition to the actors already mentioned , the cast includes such ubiquitous talents as james hong , gedde watanabe , james shigeta , and george takei .
sci-fi is always a tricky beast : tight script , a good director , an ensemble cast of decent actors , and the ability to suspend even the most difficult of disbeliefs .
after committing a few more brutal acts of violence in the airport , the authorities stick him in a prison's " psychotics ward " .
for starters , her consistently dour expression sucks the life out of even the early scenes , when we're introduced to the mansion and all its fun-house trappings .
with unrest building , moise tshombe ( pascal nzonzi ) and the province of katanga , which contained 70 percent of the country's resources , proclaimed secession .
dead-bang , an action thriller starring don johnson , lives up to its dumb title , or at least to half of it .
if a critic says that a film has bad dialogue , it's only fair to quote some of it , but most of the words spoken in this picture are phrases like " joe isn't happy ! "
all the same , " shrek " does represent murphy's best comic outing in years , and as donkey he steals all the best lines .
throughout this plot , there is huge explosions , thousands of deaths ( and i mean a lot of death ) swearing , sex , and everything else that make's a good verhoeven ( director of basic instinct and starship troopers ) movie .
koontz has a writing style which is succinct and suspenseful .
it's both a vertical and horizontal monopoly when you think about it .
in this kind of movie it's almost impossible to get archival pictures from the same time and place being discussed on-screen , but director james moll made a better effort than most at finding specific , or at least relevant , images to go with his subjects' narration .
now before i start getting e-mails angrily touting the genius of jet li , let me explain myself .
like moonstruck , cousins is a mix of drama and comedy .
never mind the fact that i've been waiting for a new `star wars' movie since i was seven years old .
5 ) when it comes to time for the two men to fight , they don't even hesitate to pound each other .
one would think that david duchovny , star of the cult favorite " x-files " would be very careful in choosing his leading man cinema roles .
which is ironic , since children are , probably , carrey's best audience .
filled with characters , motivation , plot and dialogue that ring fake and shallow at every step this is an unquestionable disaster .
the similarities to " braveheart " are obvious : an evil king , a determined warrior seeking revenge for his murdered family , the aid of a lovestruck princess .
`it's funny to see people die ?
( compare kayley and garrett's run-in with the angry ogre to herc's battle with the hydra .
the only good role snipes has really had was in 1998's " blade " .
is that exciting or what ?
the script is funny , and the raps are actually well produced and humorous , and quite clever .
should be aware that there are a lot of things about this film that don't make sense : its constant brainless chatter between the buddies , their uneventful growing pains , and the despair of their lives , make it very difficult to feel any empathy for them .
all his friends and family turn up , and for the first half hour , we get introduced to everyone , simplistically and realistically ( no aggravatingly condescending posing for the camera deals here ) .
a shot of an alien egg . . .
it is reminiscent of a wagnerian epic with characters which might as well be half-gods - greater than life , purer than life , stronger than life , physically invincible and able to accomplish superhuman feats , but with a human soul that makes them ultimately vulnerable .
embarrassingly bad .
it is a comedy , to be sure , but all of the humor falls astoundingly flat , and the occasional dramatic moments are the least bit touching .
the emphasis throughout is on the characters and their interactions ( even if , at times , they don't make a hell of a lot of sense ) .
but the rest of the actors are , by no fault of their own , restricted by the script to play one-dimensional grownups .
ditto for the editing , which seems to be deliberately sloppy and unpleasant .
barrymore is charming as the girl next door looking for someone serious to settle down with .
it all seems so harmless in the beginning .
the ensemble acting in the film is perfect .
it's impossible to take your eyes off him .
" town and country " has a pedigree befitting it's title with an all star cast photographed by oscar nominated cinematographer william fraker and mouthing the words of screenwriter buck henry ( " the graduate " ) under the direction of peter chelsom ( " funny bones " ) .
the opening sequence featuring ms . grier wordlessly striding through the lax , funky music blaring away on the speakers , is emblematic of films of that era .
he films action sequences with a minimum of quick cutting which i like considering that nowadays action scenes are commonly comprised of millisecond flash cuts strung together and laid out for a brain-zapped mtv audience to pick apart .
frequently i get the feeling that the article sounded exciting , but i am being told in more detail than i really wanted to know .
he's a hulking person who is still reduced to whimpers when in the presence of his father .
bill paxton leads the expedition , in search of sunken treasure .
and now the high-flying hong kong style of filmmaking has made its way down to the classics , and it isn't pretty .
second , their love is mature .
basically , we follow the trials and tribulations of two would-be couples - one young , the other older .
" dear god , " he prays .
now normally when i say that it's followed with the joke " . . . because the movie is finally over . "
they know their work , and seeing their thought patterns adds some interest to the film , but for this group deep feeling between two people is teaming up with another killer so that neither is killed .
and yoda and young obi-wan are worth seeing for their origins in a simpler , happier time .
i've got reason to believe , you see - i admire a lot of ewan mcgregor's previous work . . .
instead , it provides some much needed entertainment which gives us science fiction fanatics just what we want : a science fiction film with morals behind it .
two more standouts : klein and " sctv " 's eugene levy .
i really do like to read , and i've enjoyed many books in my lifetime .
the much-talked-about hotel room menage-a-trois between dillon , campbell and richards is a turn-off .
-jack nicholson , chinatown
but is it a worthwhile movie to see ?
whatever his purposes is subject to debate , but also a sure sign that this is one of the great three-dimensional characters , stranded amidst = a terrifyingly risky concept .
that's the only thing that honestly caught my interest .
is it wise ?
in fact , looking at all these early films together , one gets the impression that they were stamped out , cookie-cutter style , at a rate of four to six per year , all using the same casts and telling very similar stories .
directed by taylor hackford john milton . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . al pacino kevin lomax . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . keanu
readers of sam keith's brilliant " the maxx " comic series ( or of mtv's short-lived animated adaptation of the same ) are already familiar with the idea of a homeless man placed in the position of knight errant and king of his own twisted demesne .
we discover that he has been fired and his career brought to a complete halt unexpectedly .
" rounders " is exactly the kind of movie parents don't want their kids to see .
it's at the institution , however , that he discovers a latent talent for relating to people .
the movie bombed at the box office , and i had never really liked the saturday night live sketch on which the movie was based .
i seemed to be the only person on this planet who somehow appreciated the film , even if it was on a " cheese " factor , as everybody , and i mean everybody else , pretty much classified the movie as one of the worst disasters of all time .
andy garcia does a wonderful job as george stone , a young man who is just becoming a police officer .
like a hubert selby , jr . novel filtered through equal parts damon runyan and bruce springsteen , and a ton of fun .
in the near future , a manned mission is sent to mars to observe primitive plant growth .
in one of the fastest paced movies of the year , the story has jay and silent bob ( jason mewes and kevin smith ) , a pair of card carrying drug dealers , traveling from their new jersey convenience store home to hollywood so that they can stop a movie .
if you learn anything about the other characters in this movie , it's that they are the most incredibly tolerant hollywood-types known to man .
most characters had more depth in the video games .
but they pretended for the public that it was unproven and they did not really believe it .
well , alicia spends twenty minutes of the movie in the bathtub .
with the obvious and considerable talent that he possesses , he just can't keep going on like this .
i would strongly advise anyone not to see this movie .
or maybe it's just the cars .
where do vampires get money ?
" the jackal " is loosely ( very loosely , i hope ) based on the 1973 fred zimmerman classic that i've yet to see , " the day of the jackal , " which featured ( apparently ) a suave hitman called the jackal , played by edward fox , trying to assasinate charles degaule .
unfortunately , things are not all `la-dee-dah' in this tale .
while boiler room writer/director ben younger does not get his point across as well as david fincher does for fight club , he does contribute another impressive work to a series of films aiming to represent the new generation .
due to the lack of a major event , boiler room never finds a suitable genre to fit into .
ok , how about this then : we still have tim allen pull faces for about two hours , but half of them are angry looks and half of them are " i'm in pain ! "
it's almost as if the writer were angry at us for shelling out money to see his stupid movie .
using savage , jittery lensing and rapid cuts to create a sense of disorientation , the picture is often dizzying to behold , and max's effective isolationism is emphasized by shots from the so-called snorri cam , which keep him in plain focus while the environment races by in blurred bursts .
because of a nasty incident earlier with a couple of ruffians , jeff decides to stay with the car while amy gets help .
what's a talented filmmaker like peter medak ( " the ruling class , " " the krays , " " let him have it " ) doing directing this tripe , i wonder .
later , he risks his life by climbing a crumbling stairwell to save nell ( it's amusing to hear neeson shout " nell " repeatedly , given his starring role in the 1994 jodie foster vehicle of the same name ) .
he is moving towards a level of madness and insanity that defies comprehension .
might be used to describe a film .
after dropping out of college and running a lucrative gambling center for college students in his apartment , seth is offered a high paying job by a wealthy man ( nicky katt ) .
" scream 3 " also continues the tradition of having an eclectic set of cameos and familiar faces in small roles .
it looks genuinely fake , granted trying to recreate a typhoon or hurricane cannot be easy by any stretch of the imagination but having the storm approach in a style similar to the huge wave of deep impact only ends up looking corny and amateurish .
ronin is like a film made by another man .
he flings a chain saw backwards over his head while riding a speeding motorcycle so that the saw can hit the windshield of the pursuing truck .
first , we saw the movie on opening night of the first day of operation of a brand new theater .
it could have given us smarter characters who knew that anytime you're alone and you see shadowy figures moving about , you don't walk towards them yelling " hello " .
eventually it'll probably become cliche , but right now we've got a winner .
upon his arrival he is greeted by a small , motley group of soldiers , including his commanding officer , hart ( jeffrey jones ) , a previously intelligent and sophisticated man who has lost his aristocratic origin in the heat of battle and has pretty much given up on life ; toffler ( jeremy davies ) , the fort's personal emissary to the lord ; knox ( stephen spinella ) , the veterinarian that plays doctor , who never met a bottle of whiskey he didn't like ; reich ( neal mcdonough ) , the no-nonsense soldier of the group ; and the seriously " over-medicated " cleaves ( david arquette ) , a cook whose meals are inspired more by peyote than culinary ambitions .
sid james plays the head of a gang of crooks intent on stealing contraceptive pills from the local maternity hospital and selling them off to make a profit , kenneth williams is sir bernard cutting , head of the hospital but also a hypochondriac , hattie jacques re-takes her role as matron , and charles hawtrey is the psychiatrist dr . goode .
maybe that is the secret of why such good actors took parts , since these are not very demanding characters to create .
the only trouble with all these high-budget action sequences , was that it lacked purpose and even entertainment value .
stealing from " alien " , " the abyss " and the disastrous " event horizon " , this film has learned nothing from them .
anyone in their 30's or above is probably not going to grasp what can be enjoyed about this film .
she is a porn star mostly so we know she's slutty , so her very existence will make stiles jealous and prinze tempted .
the master , on his last legs , sends for the doctor to rescue him after the daleks put him on trial on their planet skaro and exterminate him .
now , look : i don't know whose idea this was , but whoever is responsible deserves a severe tongue-lashing .
james offers to help clear franklin's name if franklin will just allow him an exclusive report to help channel 12 conquer sweeps week .
in fact , i could imagine the babysitter becoming a cinemax late-night staple if not for the fact that there's absolutely no nudity in it .
does it work ?
so i slunk back into my seat as the nightmare started .
chicken pies , of course .
this is created by the performance , the direction and the editing .
lucas finally figures out what's going on when he tries to pick maggie up for the dance .
much .
absent are the sumptuous tableware and antique furnishings that stand in for plot and character in those drippy merchant ivory productions .
i'm no dan quayle , but i thought it was a bit creepy .
and he knows how to chose scripts , while the stephan baldwin's and val kilmer's seem to put them selves in everything ( the former actually had the insight to follow up oscar winner usual suspects with a pauly shore vehicle , and judging from his latest projects it looks like he still has yet to fire his agent ) , cusack generally picks rewarding projects ( save for the unwatchable hot pursuit , a 1988 film also featuring a young ben stiller ) .
much of the film is told in flashback , and we see the path that leads to derek's adoption of white supremacy .
there is also a sub-plot about forlani's ex-boyfriend ( she dumps him for pitt ) trying to take over hopkins company .
annette bening , another asset " in dreams " shouldn't be so lucky to boast , gives an increasingly effective performance in a role that doesn't do much for her in return .
being that it is a foreign language film with no known names with a select number theaters showing it , " shall we dance " won't be seen by that many people .
" jude " is a satirical film from start to finish about society's way of spitting out and chewing up those unwanted in its system , but what's remarkable is how timeless this film is .
he's got a good eye , and some intriguing visual ideas -- if anything , this movie has a few too many scenes of ridiculously striking imagery .
cheadle stumbles over his awkward lines .
( the best example of the latter is a klingon comeuppance that delivers none of the impact of a similar scene in star trek ii . )
several of the town's leading citizens have been decapitated by the headless horseman .
the one noticeable area where the film is lacking , however , is the absence of cuba gooding , jr . through the second half .
you count some farting , a little puking , and a couple of bizarre cameos from tony hawk and lil' romeo .
it's tense , exciting and fascinating .
i think they cut this too short .
if you like something so much , why even question it ?
with a clever subtlety , the wiper sound appears to morph into a rhythmic thumping , but of the same beat .
that said , this film has a good share of drugs - consumed , vomitted , defecated , pissed off , exchanged , bought , sold , injected , smuggled , enjoyed and regretted .
sometimes the stories are compelling .
the focus is on the minute transformation of dora , of how she learns to love this little kid , without being cloying or sentimental .
she explains to marty's new fiancee , lesly ( tori spelling ) , soon after their first meeting that jackie-o was holding marty's private part when she came out of the womb .
the last 20 minutes especially degenerates into such lunacy that you'll be laughing more than you'll be screaming .
if i were one of those arrogant critics who thinks his review has some great impact on the success or failure of certain films , i might say that i review movies that don't look particularly good because i'm doing a service to my readers by warning them against seeing it .
when he reaches the building , he arrives at a 7 1/2 floor .
stalked wavers slightly from the norm in one respect : the psycho never actually has an affair ; on the contrary , he's rejected rather quickly ( the psycho typically is an ex-lover , ex-wife , or ex-husband ) .
i'll give you an example , without giving too much away .
" last night " could have an " aka " tagged on the end of it that says , " it's the end of the world , and we feel fine " .
even its murder mystery is relegated to a secondary subplot , ensuring that a smart story about smart people and smart science takes center stage .
marni nixon , who provides grandmother fa's singing voice , is the same vocalist who dubbed the voices for anna in the king and i , maria in west side story , and eliza in my fair lady .
however the film drags and is no fun .
uneven , would be another .
when rudy lies and cheats his way into trouble , instead of gathering support from me for him to ultimately succeed in getting the bad guys , i felt more like he was getting what he deserved and even wanted to see him fail at times .
another similarity with fight club is that both films are not action flicks .
it's mostly a variation on the one theme : a slow circular melody for strings and wordless female vocal possessed with an extraordinary , haunting beauty that lingers long afterwards .
however , catharine's character is hardly developed at all , and lopez has no depth to offer the role .
synopsis : leonard shelby ( pearce ) is a former insurance investigator on the trail of the man who killed his wife .
to put it simply , it's a bug bomb .
without good dialogue , a film could become a very long , very boring film ( like camerons own terminator 2 , 1992 ) but , luckily , there are some redeeming features that make the story and dialogue problems just disappear .
does he draw laughs from his sad , puppy dog expression and don't-hate-me-for-being-a-simpleton observations ?
he mispronounced jackie chan's name on the mtv movie awards .
the most annoying of the bunch is a tie between noxima girl rebecca gayheart and sitcom star michael rosenbaum , as a supremely irritating lout ( so irritating i actually cheered his painful death , and i am not a cruel person ) .
of course , the noble qui-gon dies at the hand of darth maul , a scary-looking sith lord who excels at the jedi arts , but has turned to the dark side .
and she does .
the right stuff is unusual because it lacks many standard elements of hollywood film .
labeled an " in-valid , " vincent's dream seems impossible , until he meets a black-market dna specialist , german ( tony shalhoub ) .
despite his tunnel vision , it's impossible not to like the man , especially after his entire being is transformed by that singular affliction to which no one is immune : love .
he is insane , apparently .
and while the entourage spends 90 minutes romping around in cleavage-busting wetsuits , cleavage-busting waitress uniforms , and cleavage-busting wet t-shirts , they scarcely succeed in resembling so much as a group of annoying , drunk sorority girls , the kind who hit on everybody at a party .
meanwhile , mia begins having chronic stomach pains and losing a lot of weight .
the first act of the film provides us with an inside look into the lives of a group of men from a small community who work and hang out together .
of course , it doesn't .
all of it is cribbed from other films ( and in most cases , better films ) .
passing the cafeteria on the way , can i get anybody anything ? "
and it is sweet enough to be considered a date flick .
before you know it , an unfortunate set of circumstances put the baby in the hands of kala ( glenn close ) , a mother ape who recently lost her own baby to a predatory leopard .
review : " memento " is the sort of movie i wish i'd written ; i can think of no higher praise than that .
it makes the most of a talented but not particularly well-known cast--goran visnjic plays alek with a suave likeability , jonathan tucker shines as the conflicted beau , peter donat is amusing as grandfather hall , and josh lucas has an equally small but effective role as the hapless darby reese .
tarantino wrote this script with grier specifically in mind , so to say that she is made for this role is a reversed truth .
just ask paul vitti ( robert deniro ) , a man who finds his job as mafia head to be rather stress inducing .
mcconaughey's crew then receives orders that they will be boarding a disabled german submarine to steal the enigma , a german communications encoding device that has stumped allied intelligence .
also funny : bonnie hunt as grace's best friend megan and james belushi as megan's husband joe .
but as i said before , these people know how horror movies work , and that's what makes it so appealing .
if he doesn't start making better choices fast his future films won't be so lucky .
that's pretty generous , considering the movie's camp lacked any hint of tongue in cheek .
what ensues is a badly scripted and horribly directed 114 minutes of cinema hell .
in filming the well of souls sequence , the producers scoured every pet shop in london and the south of england for every snake they could lay their hands on .
as you may have guessed , this is not a tgif film ; this is the kind of film you are glad is over .
i liked the locations in the movie and the groovy score , but my primary reason for slipping three notches onto this bedpost is for the gratuitous shots of jolie's boobies ( that's two points right there ! ) and another one for antonio's ass ( hairless , just for the record ) .
boring is that for the audience ?
cute blonde katrina and a listless orphan help crane solve the mystery .
whenever i happen to catch jarmusch in an interview i see the man speaking in a toneless manner ( the monotonous drawl supposedly masking depth or contempt for his interviewer ) , exclusively dressed in black , and with his spiked hair dyed snow white .
there's a truism that items shown early in a movie must be used before the ending , but here they are far too obvious .
there we have it ; people with real problems and a not-so-practical solution for them .
they're two-thirds of the way across the atlantic before they realize they are missing a child .
it concentrates on the good deeds of the man , if a bit as a stalwart saint , but doesn't embellish on a larger than life persona .
anyway , fourteen years go by and . . . arrgh , well , you know the rest . . . swish-swish-zzzzzzz !
this , in and of itself , is not bad , but , after a while , it has a juvenile feel to it .
what is it ?
for a while , sphere had me fooled into thinking it was going to take an astute approach to the man-meets-alien situation .
that is , he is one when he's in a film that allows him space to move .
it's a tremendously funny and intelligent picture , but it also has an emotional center -- writer/director/star warren beatty allows the audience to identify with his character , and , in turn , we like him and actually care about the story .
it's easy to recreate something technical like this .
the story , laughs , and touching scenes evolve as the movie goes along .
these films focus upon the effects at the expense of everything else : character , plot , dialogue , etc . spawn , reflecting this trend , shows the audience one gratuitous scene after another populated with morphing characters and filled with unnecessary pyrotechnics .
the person who watched the movie with me had to go twice and twice she missed an important conversation .
or " look at that fire-ball ryu did at vega " .
needless to say for argento fans , there is no denying the director's brilliance as a stylist .
it only tastes good after arduous peeling and digging - if you try to eat the fruit , spikes and all , it's going to hurt ? quite a bit .
she's giving him one more chance .
--michael jordan , on winning his first nba championship in 1991 . . . or ,
neil simon , the award-winning playwright who created oscar and felix , provides the screenplay , which is a shock , because the script is a piece of talentless hackwork from beginning to end .
alas , it refers to our heroes !
war is a foreign concept to most of us in america .
of course , things really start to get going after the hour and a half mark , where the titanic strikes the iceberg and begins a slow sink to the bottom .
gothic murder-mystery yarns are not a new conceit .
volcano had an original premise , but destroyed that with some very ridiculous situations .
technically astonishing , aliens' only flaw is small characters who are only there to get killed .
- this film is provided to be a sort of laughing stock to finish the festival .
whew . this film oozes energy , the kind of breakneck , no- holds-barred , in-your-face risk-taking filmmaking that is seldom seen on screen these days .
what a great , great monster !
director ratner and the original " rush hour " production team have assembled a crew of skilled craftsmen to work behind the camera .
how that scene is still present in so many movies today appalls me : aren't present day moviegoers beyond being " inspired " by something like that ?
another man is murdered .
prior movies with the almost exact same storyline include 1989's " leviathan , " 1989's " deep star six , " and all four " alien " pictures .
why do sidewinder missiles , which have small explosive warheads , blow up entire buildings when they miss godzilla ?
some of the segments are simply hilarious , such as a lengthy rap that he delivers at a luncheon dedicated to him . ?
that ominous excuse for violence almost makes me sympathize with the terrorists .
with the musketeer we get the sense that it was meticulously crafted to be awful .
an assassination takes place , and santaro tries to peace together how it took place , trying to work out the roles of the people involved in this conspiracy .
crystal's glib , cynical flack isn't wickedly funny enough with a few amusing one-liners .
in 1997 , it was the volcano duel .
most moviegoers , however , will likely be asleep by that time .
anne heche , is dead-bang-on in her portrayal of a political press aide -- cool and composed on the outside , panicked and frenzied on the outside .
i'm really starting to wonder about alicia silverstone .
" jude " offers a satirical view on society's cruelties , but shows no way of curing this , and thank heavens it doesn't .
starring : keanu reeves , laurence fishburne , joe panteliano
the cast appears to recognize the trashiness of the story , adjusting their performances accordingly .
( geri himself makes an appearance as a toy repairman who fixes woody's broken arm . )
red herrings , dead plot threads , violence , and kinky sexuality litter the movie like potholes in manhattan streets .
as with any zucker production , a few jokes fall flat , but the momentum of the comedy zooms past those missteps .
he always finds a clever way to spice up old material with witty dialogue and fresh ideas that stem from his inventive brain .
the incompetence behind the film makes it incredibly funny , and so the viewer can get some enjoyment ( ? ! ! ? ) from the film .
the ? 80s soundtrack and references play a big part in this movie .
firefighter frank sullivan ( dennis quaid ) puts his life on the line every time he suits up for his job , then goes home to his loving wife julia ( elizabeth mitchell ) and son johnny ( daniel henson ) .
the look of the movie is as bland as the town and characters who populate it .
and although jackson is really , really good in jackie brown , i don't think he's quite as irreplaceable .
deep impact doesn't just have implausibilities , it also contains cheap human drama , incredibly horrible special effects , and a poorly constructed plot .
while cameron's version was a pumped up action film with massive artillary , fincher uses brilliant camera angles , terrific lighting , and moody sets .
their mark this time is william b . tensy ( hackman , in hideous make-up ) , a decrepit tobacco tycoon obsessed with the joys of smoking .
virtual seduction has many faults ( one of them is the fact that the video inexplicably has its own trailer before it begins ) .
he still could not refer to tibbs as mister tibbs or officer tibbs but rather settled for virgil .
you know this because the music swells on the crest of violins .
with the popularity of " spawn " and the success of the current warner bros . 's batman film franchise , a movie version of some sort seemed inevitable for spawn .
for over twenty-five years , jackie's been starring in martial arts and action movies in hong kong , thrilling audiences with both an incredible grasp of acrobatics and martial arts and a wonderful sense of comedy .
once things start happening the film is able to expand and develop its plot into an intricate web of detail and mood .
sleepy hollow has some unique features , but the script is a terrible mess .
wild things wants to dupe viewers into thinking it's a thriller with a real story .
how to take your bad idea and make things worse : include two or three plot twists that , instead of making the apparently stupidity of the plan seem suddenly intelligent , make the plan seem even more ridiculous and unlikely .
after the supposed street-smart young " lady " gets conned out of her suitcase by a slack-jawed yokel in the opening sequence , she befriends a tailor of the glamorous stage production at the " stardust hotel " .
there is something about listening to a lecture that turns off the rebel in me , as i don't like being hit in the head with the truth but prefer to have it presented in the form that leads to inspiration or told metaphorically .
do we really need to hear , say , demi moore as esmerelda in the hunchback of notre dame ?
( canned meat does * not * last for centuries ; ammunition does * not * fire after it's more than a few decades old ; and so on , and so on . . . )
too bad mom and angus have homicidal plans for sally .
even gary sinise and tim robbins can't muster enough emotion to convince us they are breathing .
at this point he's capable of a wide range of performances , either good or bad .
dierdre's groups assignment is too seize the briefcase while the current owners are transporting it .
the best way i can put it is that it's funky .
society has changed a bit by that time , but it has advanced surprisingly little .
instead , it depends upon a series of humorous situations : oscar and felix lose the car over a cliff , are caught smuggling mexicans over the border , take up with two women on the run from their violent husbands ( the women are played by christine baranski of " cybill " and jean smart of " designing women " ) , and hitch a ride with a man who dies in the desert .
monsters basically suck off the flesh and spit out skeletal remains .
totally trustworthy , right ?
it's as if the film ran out of the guts to be really complex and original about a third of the way in , and decided to just fall back on an easy way out , and that just happens to mean that it has to become less and less credible .
despite the fact that hard rain fails on almost every account , if your standards are low enough you may find this to be a mildly enjoyable film .
he thinks garish cowboy costumes and santa suits make acceptable disguises , and he trusts affleck's character to pull through even after , time and time and time again , he tricks him and lies to him and nearly kills him .
and do they make things entertaining , thrilling or even engaging , in the meantime ?
its message is especially appropriate nowadays considering the 'war on drugs' is about to be escalated into colombia .
look at small portions of it and makes sense .
i love original plots .
the next morning , he wakes up to find teeth marks on his neck . . . not
what does not work is the wire- assisted leaps some of the apes make .
there's also the virtually neccessary kids and pet dog to tug at your heart strings .
a sometimes-funny film that sags and lags and oftentimes gets boring .
you'll have a gay old time .
where the ship came from is clarified , but how it ended up on the ocean floor in 1709 is merely alluded to .
i doubt many children will understand the sexual innuendos unless they are old enough , but it's still advisable to leave really young children at home .
* * = average movie .
it's typical of unimaginative cinema to wrap things up with a bullet , sparing the writers from actually having to come up with a complex , philosophical note .
okay , over the years , i ? ? ? ll admit that i ? ? ? ve become quite the " scream " fan .
the first two endings being " what if ? "
bottom line : a rousing action film enriched by fine performances but tarnished by stylistic choices .
by the time she makes her shocking ( but very sensible ) final declaration , we're ready to bow to elizabeth as our own queen .
but back to the picture at hand .
his desire for love and the extinction of hate evokes the most compassion because it is very obvious that he is suffering for no just cause .
they go through a few break-up/make-up cycles until mike's childhood pal and fellow rounder " worm " ( norton ) is released from prison .
of course , " nosferatu : a symphony of horror " is the main attraction , and while my latest viewing raised questions ( why is the woman called emily in the title cards but " mina " --as bram stoker called her--in hutter's letters ? , for instance ) , it made me realize how much this movie has inspired and been stolen from .
to each it's own however , since " monkey bone " is not only a bad movie all together , but technically well-made .
carrey seems to be the type of character actor who would always turn " on " and act goofy whenever the camera is near .
a guy's guy movie through and through , and one that'll set your jollies to high if you dig on the rough stuff .
he's attempted to make a film about people , and how each of them deals with their last night of life .
doubtfire manages to carve out its own space , particularly through the surprisingly honest moments involving a judge's decision and the ultimate status of daniel and miranda's relationship .
after bloody clashes and independence won , lumumba refused to pander to the belgians , who continued a condescending and paternalistic relationship with the congo .
* * * pretty good , bring a friend .
it would come as no surprise if hutchinson was nominated for an academy award as best supporting actor , not only because he did a wonderful job as wetmore , but also because he stole every scene he was in away from veteran oscar winner tom hanks .
it does not reinvent the wheel , following instead the standard pattern of historical dramas .
soon they are copulating on the dingy couch , while bubby crouches , confused , in the next room , acutely aware that the mother who had devoted all her attention to him has a new interest .
if you find out that a film you're about to see is directed by " alan smithee , " then you should seriously , seriously , seriously consider watching something , anything , else .
however , we do see subtle hints of his transformation .
near the end of this scene-and here i must confess that wood lost me completely-is a violent sexual encounter on a couch that features two characters who do not even appear in the rest of the movie and is scored by goofily upbeat folk music .
wow , don't put any thought into that guys .
last time , we had the brawn of two face as played by tommy lee jones and the brains/comedy supplied by the riddler as realized by jim carrey .
this strangely provoking story , is actually somewhat understandable .
a girl gets hacked with a knife and enough blood comes out to do one friday the 13th movie .
patterson tries to handle the situation himself , incompetently , and then turns to charles remington ( michael douglas ) , a hunter of world reknown ( or something like that ) .
perhaps sensing this , the filmmakers have piled on weird supporting characters for acting vets like betty buckley , dylan baker and patricia clarkson , but they don't go anywhere either .
still , he does a good job .
he to me fits the character perfectly and ends up making stuart even more lovable .
weak , unimaginative casting thwarts the pivotal role of kaisa .
don't ask .
on second thought , they probably should have completely thrown the script out .
he was a principal player in last year's _in the company of men_ , a film that was more powerful , shocking , terrifying , funny , and shocking than _armageddon_ could ever aspire to be .
there is always another clever idea waiting just around the corner here .
carry on matron is the last great carry-on film in my opinion .
some particularly note worthy roles of the unique characters include doug hutchinson , sam rockwell , and michael duncan .
it contains shallow writing .
running a breezy 81 minutes , this is one movie i wished was longer because it was so damn good while it lasted .
and of course , the much hyped collision of comet and earth .
one of the only 90 minute films that i've gotten bored through .
we instead get more of a phil collins concert , as no less than five of his original songs are used as interlude material .
few young boys want to be astronauts when they grow up .
though made in canada , " overdrawn at the memory bank " traces its roots to the bbc school of film production .
no one , i suspect , has ever expected " the muscles from brussels " to contribute a heartfelt performance brimming with introspection and delicate shades of gray .
i know , i know , i promised .
his notoriously expressionless face is perfect illustration of the disillusioned , world- weary man whose alienation from the " normal " way of life becomes complete and only remaining ideal is loyalty to the shrinking circle of friends .
reese witherspoon is mel , the distrustful daughter of the ames' , and liev schrieber is her scuzzy boyfriend .
but fears and black never let that happen .
jessica , having waited outside in the cold with her manager all night , gives up and returns home .
and to my surprise , it grew on me .
if ferris buehler made you feel good about american high schools , and gave you an innocent laugh or two , then the movie achieved its goal .
i haven't seen this much chemistry between actors since mcqueen and mcgraw teamed up in peckinpah's masterpiece , the getaway .
they operate on the notion ( quoting straight from the press kit ) " that all life forms have signature spirit waves that can be identified and contained .
the first and most glaringly wrong thing with snake eyes is the trailer .
just as well , since the hooker , named vivian , is a beautiful , generally upbeat young woman who is the type of person that can lend an understanding ear .
the effects are nice , but dull .
there's a good story buried in snake eyes , it's just bogged down in razzle dazzle and flashbacks .
it's only fitting that the dvd , with its wealth of interesting and relevant features , would also be ambitious and successful .
oddly , this isn't just * my * judgment - lucas has said that he designed this film for kids .
there is some character development during the film .
he eventually gets a gig for $5000/week writing for a sitcom called mr . chompers ( a thinly veiled stand-in for " alf " : chompers looks just like alf except he's blue ) , marries a producer ( hurley ) so she can get a green card , and hooks up with a spanish mother ( liz torres ) , who shoots heroin with him in the afternoons .
meanwhile , osnard wallows in his newfound status , enjoying the best the city has to offer and wooing an attractive co-worker .
shadows dance on the walls , and yet those shadows could easily be the alien .
" pancakes actually , lots of pancakes , " lesly replies with her usual sincerity .
is " frequency " filled with plot holes ?
many scenes from this film were actually shot in montreal , canada ( joblo's haven of restfulness ) .
we've never seen her mother before .
garry oldman is british , and was once married to uma thurman for about six months .
" antz " is still the more witty film , and i love it for it , and " a bug's life " is more for general consumption , but it's also more entertaining .
anyhow , though , whatever time is spent on the 54 floor is not used very effectively .
and this flick definitely deserves credit for being what not many other recent horror films have been . . . fun .
there was probably a good reason that the warner bros . studio chose not to allow critics to view this steven seagal film when it first opened .
they seem like dangerous rocks because they kind of twirl through the air instead of just propelling forward , and when they land-once in a while , when we need a break from the space sequences-they cause damage enough to destroy the chrysler building and the like .
a standoff .
bathroom humor is kept to a minimum and the numerous well-staged action scenes avoid excessive violence .
this is a very original film , as far as films go today .
every average person out there who's interested in this film is likely to ask " how does it compare to pulp fiction ? "
i think that this is a reasonable family summer movie for families with older kids who have already seen maverick .
but he's certainly guilty of churning out some certifiable losers . . .
know the type , he uses his charm and his wits rather than a gun .
fans of these sorts of movies will be laughing at every other second at all the 'hidden jokes' they missed the first time around while normal movie watchers will look at them like they're insane .
woody allen has made a couple less-than good films , and he's my favorite .
there are only so many times you can hear , " hey , what's going on ? "
the truth about cats and dogs isn't quite as entertaining as i was expecting it to be , but it handles well a theme i could identify with .
it was weir's first stroke of genius to create seahaven : a suburban paradise/prison that would make spielberg cower in shame .
aki and dr . sid collect a series of organic specimens whose spirit signatures combined will form a wave of equal and opposite intensity to the spirit wave of the alien force .
but they're still hilarious as ever .
in wonder boys michael douglas plays an aged writer \ professor with such lived-in naturalism that i believe it may be his best performance .
a witch's eyes and tongue shoot out like roger rabbit's , a tree spurts blood like it's in a monty python sketch , and the headless horseman .
and did she kill her employer ?
critique : a mind-fuck movie for the teen generation that touches on a very cool idea , but presents it in a very bad package .
no , the x-files is definately a mulder episode of the series .
ephron , who co-wrote the film with her sister , delia , as well as directed it , knew what she was doing by reteaming tom hanks and meg ryan as the at-odds couple .
it sure is , on those who spent money to see this movie .
she immediately quits her job , and signs on with pfcs , which stands for post-forensic cleaning service .
_patlabor : the movie_ is more of a psychological thriller , a technological suspense drama .
for most of the film the vapid michael jai white consumes his time ogling , jumping through roofs , and performing all kinds of acrobatic exercises which even batman and robin accomplished better .
" i didn't know what to expect .
unless you're under a media blackout , however , you probably know the basics .
zane has the meatiest part in the movie , and he plays the arrogant , condescending steel millionaire to the hilt .
and with good reason--somehow , some way , the supremely disappointing _54_ has made the historically hip haven of hedonism . . .
overall rating= review by david wilcock ? 1998
is it the acting ?
a wealthy family is having a wedding .
it would be kind to call him bland .
the musical score by don davis borrows heavily from john williams's score for the first film .
the late randy meeks ( jamie kennedy ) makes a surprise guest appearance via video to explain the rules of a trilogy .
of course , as you can probably tell by the plot , this is a silly movie , but it does know when to take itself seriously at the right times , unlike eddie , which was serious all the time .
when she learns her cousin benny ( shawn hatosy ) , who happens to be her best friend dies in a traffic accident back in wisconsin , she returns for the funeral and in those reunion scenes it wasn't clearly shown why she wants to stay there , and for that matter , it was never made clear why the mother wants to leave so badly .
the big-budget , mega-hype " event " movie is becoming so trendy now it is becoming a weekly routine instead of a seasonal one .
the visual effects are astounding ( although director george lucas often chickens out by cutting away from them ) and the movie is a thrilling triumph .
" priests need nuns , '' yaps c-note , a san francisco pimp .
after being hired by a russian mob lord as a bit of vengeance for the murder of his brother ( killed in the opening scenes ) , the jackal romps all over the northen hemisphere , from helsinki to virginia , setting up an elaborate scheme wherein he'll be able to assasinate this person and still get away to live in seclusion .
" analyze this " is slow , unfunny , and badly acted .
everything else was very one-sided ( e . g .
very much like titanic , run lola run is an achievement with filmmaking much more than it is an achievement in film .
the effects are mostly second-rate explosions or jerky slow motion .
starship troopers is an expensive , hateful and unenjoyable piece of violent pornography -- and bad pornography , at that .
what really makes the series shine , however , are the actors .
dr . moreau is a man obsessed with creating a race of beings which is free from hate and violence . . . but the savage within every beast is not something one can suppress for long .
to liven things up ( perhaps ) , jolie's live father jon voight puts in a few minutes as lara's dead father lord croft ; talk about a stretch .
d'artagnan ( justin chambers ) is the vengeful son of a slain musketeer .
is he a villain ?
this creates a lot of tension , although i must admit that fincher could have added a lot more suspense .
suffice to say that the dude becomes deeply involved with the big lebowski when bunny is kidnaped and the dude is asked to be a courier for the ransom money .
li is as spectacular as ever here , and i don't think anyone would ever dare call his martial-arts-star skills into question .
year after year , more predictably cliched military movies come out -- most recently sgt .
a simple plan can be included in the group of recent small hollywood films that is just dark and pretty un-redeeming .
and he has to be a clever rebel to do it , in scenes that stretch all levels of believability .
the film is intricate , stylish and precise , hitting the wrong note every single time .
one thing i will give the movie is that it's a complete departure for tony danza .
" trumpet of the swan , " directed by richard rich ( 1999's animated " the king and i , " the " swan princess " series ) , is unlikely to be remembered along with those two .
but there is little in the film that is worthy of deceit .
luis is also eager for the detective to track down the con artist , having decided that if he can't have her , he will kill her .
he does not spend more time with her as he explains to milton that he needs to spend as much time on the case as possible to get it over with , then focus all of his attention on his wife .
with this premise and the talented cast , the film still delivers more consistently than most , whatever its flaws .
like " jesus christ superstar , " which examined the rise and fall of jesus in his last days from a fame perspective ( in the cool tune " superstar , " a dead judas comes back from the dead to ask jesus why he didn't spread his message wider ) , " evita " takes an inventive stance on its topic , this time being the famed wife of argentinian dictator , juan per ? n , eva , who slept her way to the top and became famous chiefly because she got attention , much like the woman playing her : madonna ( although i think madonna did rise to the top for her musical talent , among other things ) .
and the movie definitely surprised me in tone , although it probably shoudln't have .
he sees his wife on tv with monica as her sidekick , the yuppie tv producer chasing after her , and sees that she is no longer charmed by him .
this is a mature spielberg , and his deft hands shape an absoloute masterpiece .
there were real sparks in this scene between foster and lowe and it would behoove them to consider other vehicles in which this dynamism could be explored .
he even has one scene that , though it also tries to sicken the audience , has a honestly tense feel to it ( the scene in question deals with one of the crew being in an airlock while others try to save him from floating into space ) .
perhaps there is some redemption in the development of the beast people , especially aissa ( balk ) , the most human of moreau's creations .
also , it being one day later , it can't be friday the 13th now can it ?
ripley is discovered by some of the inmates and taken back to the refinery .
torn , in particular , is in vintage comic form , and he walks away with the picture .
why his " friends " push him into drugs is never really explained , but the fact that they are " friends " is questioned only is superficial ways ( greg gets really mad at shane because he's been elevated to bartender status ) .
no wonder : this is the kind of movie that reduces you to childish expressions , like " that was the funnest movie i've ever seen ! "
weir cuts the film so we're never quite sure if we're watching truman through the camera of director weir or through the camera of the show's omnipotent creator christof ( ed harris ) who oversees the show from a control room built into the man-made moon in seahaven's sky .
there's an old saying that states something about leaving the best for last .
travolta's acting hasn't been this bad since the experts or maybe perfect .
ideally , for it to be successful , the film would have to focus on one the more action oriented aspect , with one character serving as the comic relief ( that would be johnson ) .
all i can say is bring back keanu .
both women were anything but sexy or attractive .
the script of " the jackal " is a complete mess , mostly because it can't decide what it wants to focus on .
and of course , these aliens from mars who facilitated the evolution of life on earth are entirely different from the aliens in " 2001 " who facilitated the evolution of life on earth ; those aliens were from an * unknown * world .
but foley tells him after he arrests the gun-dealer , that new hampshire wants more before they take away his jail sentence , they want him to be a full-time informer .
my guess is that the rest is on the cutting room floor .
this is very much a guy's film .
richard o'callaghan is appealing as bogg's stuck-up son , patsy rowlands is funny as miss withering , bogg's assistant , and renee houston is terrific in her small part as agatha .
you never even have to see the monster but your imagination works overtime and it sure beats having to watch a flawed , computer generated , babyzilla , it looks like you could walk right through it not even scarier than your grandma in undies type of monster .
at times , however , zeik's tale becomes almost too reminiscent of mission : impossible - de niro might easily become tom cruise , the package might become cruise's computer disk .
the characters are totally antipathetic and irritating and soon we stop caring what would happen to them .
she was never really made into anything , until she met an indian towards the end , developing yet another sub-plot .
teens and anyone who can still remember their acne years are the ones that will laugh hardest .
it takes full advantage of the y2k computer bug fears ( a current " hot topic " in the news ) in its storyline , which is set at the end of 1999 .
this movie is so stupid and dumb that it's depressing to think that some hollywood executives actually gave this the green light , and even more surprising is the fact that this is a disney movie .
this film camera is just another one of the guys .
it's practically impossible to turn this beelzu-babe down .
the events had to take place in 1946 or 1947 .
the film is punishing to watch , yes .
" living out loud , " is the type of motion picture we don't often see : it is a film about mature , intelligent adults , instead of the usual american film , in which children basically dress up in grown-up clothing and parade around acting like immature seven-year-olds .
not only is she pleasant to look at , but her acting job here really is a good one--and it doesn't hurt that the character is likable and adequately well-written .
it's irrelevant .
jakob the liar fails to tug any heartstrings which destroys its purpose for existing .
a beautiful film in its own dreary way .
see decides to retire , he gives the night club to wing jing , as repayment for saving his life during an attempted murder .
and colleen camp , as the french maid yvette , displays some of her natural talents as well .
of course , in the end , ulee softens up , but his journey is absorbing and we have fallen in love with his tiredness and weariness .
the resulting pressure to stop the story created a small civil war at cbs .
it succeeds at everything it tries , and only fails at the stuff it doesn't try in the first place .
but if your upbringing is marred with violence , hate and dysfunctionality , then your journey towards a happy adulthood will be saddled with psychological obstacles almost too great to overcome .
bogie's speech at the airport in " casablanca . "
to sum it all up , rent it on video , and fast-forward through everything except the fight scenes .
todd's first awakening of human emotion comes when he glimpses connie's nipple poking through her thin blouse .
it features an idiotic script , a hack director , and a one-dimensional star who is past his prime . . . which
one such weapon is an 80-foot mechanical tarantula , bearing eight spindly legs of thrashing metal and spewing enormous fireballs left and right .
the two main characters are also the most interesting .
also the 'tradition' of showing the last five minutes or so from the past rocky film is used as well .
fincher apparently loves to use close-ups of actors' faces ( michael douglas and the clown face-off in the game in the same style ) , and by shaving off the actors' hair , the only thing we have to look at is their faces .
one wonders if he reads the script before agreeing to go ahead with a project .
instead , david mamet's script strikes that delicate balance between comedy and cynicism needed for satire .
i certainly will look forward to seeing more from him , and i hope that his future work fully explores his talent and the story possibilities of the premise .
it may be the use of color or the placement of characters in the frame , but everything about this film looks intentional and perfect .
it's well worth seeing if you are a fan of the series .
in fact , myers is the sole reason to see 54 , and all it really does is make you wish that the film had revolved around him .
after all , it is largely darnell's fault .
note : but if anyone out there liked aatish ( by the same director ) , i guess you'd like this movie .
i mean , showing melissa sagemiller running away from visions for about 20 minutes throughout the movie is just plain lazy ! !
sigourney weaver and jennifer love hewitt throw themselves into their parts , but have nowhere to go with the metallic characters .
more than anything , made is a movie with heart .
technically , this should have been called watchers v , but it seems that this cycle of horror movies , much like many other sequel-crazy film series , has decided to drop the numbers from the titles .
the one question which i am left with is while they have accepted their lot , has their attitude towards love changed ?
written and directed by alda , betsy's wedding is a vibrant slice-of-life , mixing a few dramatic moments into a big bowl of whimsical humor .
on the offhand advice of a doctor , he sits in on group-therapy sessions for everything from blood parasites to testicular cancer .
bulworth shows up late for his meeting with some movie studio executives .
a little chocolate and minor sweats get him through heroin withdrawal .
hence , weaver , director jean-pierre jeunet , and the others behind alien resurrection faced a two-fold challenge--not only somehow resurrect ripley , but also rescue this once-profitable series from the scrap heap .
eddie murphy plays g , a robed nomadic pilgrim wandering the land enjoying the moment and spreading his spiritual message .
ok !
locals have turned this mass hysteria into a great business opportunity , selling twig-sculptures , stones and dirt like those in the movie , and the exasperated local sheriff patrols the woods with a bullhorn , shouting , " get out of these woods and go home !
the maelstrom lived up to its potential but everything else failed to do so .
the action scenes and shoot-em-ups don't satisfy either .
eventually , kermit and the group make it to hollywood .
but , generally , as good as it gets achieves what it sets out to do , which is to make the audience feel good by the end of the movie .
keep a look out for the real larry flynt who makes a cameo as judge morrissey .
plot : a hotshot doctor brings three insomniacs to an old , spooky mansion for controlled testing .
as we look at the designs , we realize that these buildings aren't too far into the future .
mcconaughay is awful , especially because he is trying to pull off his usual hollywood charm with a 3 week beard and torn jeans .
the dog man finds out even though this girl is beautiful , she's not quite as intellectual or confident about herself in person , but he doesn't suspect anything , realizing he's not living in a " three's company " episode .
stubbornly , the crow : city of angels backtracks to the beginning of the previous film , when lee's eric draven found himself drawn back out of his grave to do a charles bronson on the thugs who tortured him and his girlfriend to death .
in an effort to be culturally sensitive ( and to avoid a " miss saigon " -type debacle ) , disney has also wisely chosen to employ many asian-american actors for both lead and supporting roles .
the group of friends will not meet again .
the only thing worse than watching a bad movie is realizing that the film had a lot of potential and could've been effective .
hell , he doesn't even have to be shy .
it's fun for a while , but eventually it becomes disorienting .
kumble has drained all the interesting aspects from this character , leaving us with a sex-crazed lunatic who is supposed to be sympathetic because he falls in love with a moral flower and shuns the wicked bitch .
in an unnecessarily dramatic moment , he apparently is shocked at what he sees , at what he has become .
it's a movie of weddings , marriage , family , infidelity , and--oh yes--love .
john cusack is the kind of actor who seems to effortlessly slide into his respective film roles .
wong , after numerous hong kong features , makes quite a nice u . s . debut .
just when i thought christina ricci was getting to be a good actress , she winds up doing this .
we soon learn that the guy calls himself casanova , whose aim is to " dominate " these modern gals by imprisoning them in some dungeon and keeping them as his personal harem .
the video box for this dud describes fatal charm as an " erotic thriller " .
when the film ends , i'm just glad to get home and take some advil .
the first two rocked and i did like the last one .
who spake as they were moved by holy spirit ( i . e .
even now i can't say that i have gotten any closer to the real answer , because i haven't see that many old-fashioned hollywood romances .
a statement about women ?
tiptoeing that indistinguishable line between fantasy and reality , boyle employs a healthy dose of surrealism to get the message across .
their romance is much more puritanical than any other romance in film history .
he quickly finds christine and does everything to protect her from all the evil forces around her , as the film includes ludicrous helicopter rescues , people jumping out of windows , satan taking a piss and dropping a match to kill arnold's partner as the piss explodes like gasoline , satan being fired at . . . resulting in his sometimes experiencing pain and sometimes nothing , as if the director forgot which way he wants to have it .
danny not only begins teaching kids how to box , but has stayed in great shape whilst in prison , and is ready to start boxing real people again .
jay and silent bob strike back is a dumb movie disguised in a smarmy interior .
joe johnston , who directs , already has to his credit two very good films i recommend the rocketeer and october sky .
dropping almost completely the hard-core sci-fi element of the previous one in the series , " first contact , " " insurrection , " tells the story of a planet that holds only 600 people , known as the ba'ku , as well as the fountain of youth .
the public craves a major slugfest , so amazing engineers the parole of his one-time arch enemy casanova frankenstein ( geoffrey rush ) .
coppola's most notable--and effective--contribution to the tried-and-true grisham formula is a sense of humor about itself , which largely comes in the presence of danny devito ( as rudy's unlicensed co-counsel ) and golden globe nominee jon voight ( as the insurance company's hotshot attorney ) .
their religion doesn't permit them to be examined extensively by a doctor .
the sequence is so creatively bankrupt that it is simply embarrassing .
wow .
but benigni's life is beautiful ( la vita e bella ) is not so much a story of the holocaust as it uses that monstrous outrage against humanity as a backdrop to tell a story of familial love , devotion and sacrifice .
one last complaint : entrapment is littered of instances where macdougal will just slip into a shadow or behind a building , or he becomes obstructed by a moving vehicle and then in the next shot , he'll spontaneously disappear in ninja-like fashion .
this is a flaw only in the sense that it detracts from instinct's already dubious credibility ; unfortunately it's also the least of its problems .
what makes the little mermaid so affecting and so emotionally resonant is the richness and charm of its characters and the sheer clarity and honest simplicity of their emotions .
one of the best elements of this film is watching melvin try to express feelings which are not the usual negative ones he so often shares with others .
he usually seems to just be sitting watching the television throughout .
secondly , cameron keeps the storyline focused almost exclusively on the rose character , and the romantic triangle between rose ( winslet ) , her bastard millionaire fiancee cal hockley ( billy zane ) and the irrepressible young artist jack daswon ( dicaprio ) .
" kiss of the dragon " is the name of an acupuncture maneuver , in which you stick a needle in a precise location on the back of the victim's neck , somehow redirecting all of the body's bloodflow to the brain and killing the poor sap more or less immediately .
it does a good job of summarizing why i love movies .
bravely , i pursued .
what bothered some audience members was the presentation of big john in an oddly empathetic light .
phnah ! "
worse , it looks like ripley herself has been impregnated .
burton chooses visceral thrills over cerebral ones at almost every turn .
them murderous arizonians .
nothing new here , and certainly nothing we haven't seen in every other van damme movie .
overall , however , this movie is far more about mizrahi than anything else , and only when viewed from that perspective does unzipped succeed .
when the two meet , and end up having a sensual experience , kilmer's character is seemingly falling in love with emma russell , as she is falling in love with kilmer's alter-ego , a traveling artist .
after six months under the care of a depak chopra-like guru ( alan arkin ) , cusack's character's too emotionally fragile , lacking the necessary charisma .
arnold plays an alcoholic security guard who finds his new mission in life is to stop satan ( occupying gabriel byrne's body and possessing a wall st . bank account ) from destroying the world .
and who would've guessed that this is director alan cohn's first shot at directing a feature film ?
there are references to " the great escape , " obviously , and " stalag 17 . "
a world renound hunter , remington ( michael douglas ) , is called in and the battle , man against lion , begins .
the characters are not who they appear to be at the beginning , which is neat at first but the device wears thin once the umpteenth " surprise " revelation is made .
scream director wes craven , previously best known as the creator of new line's a nightmare on elm street film series , was thrust back into the limelight .
there's an instance of this earlier in the film too that's disappointing .
but jakob the liar forgets that the hope that jakob brings to his ghetto is false .
tom cruise is no james bond , and jon voight looks more like bobby " the brain " heenan than jim phelps .
another problem with the film is that it looks cheap .
however , the fight goes on for way too long and becomes very repetitive and predictable after awhile , kind of like the whole film .
again we're presented with an animal that behaves not at all as it should .
the panoramas of the radio dishes at arecibo and ceti in new mexico and puerto rico are beautiful .
disappointingly , david alan grier's charlie , however much i like him , was the most flatly-written .
at medical school , patch meets up with truman schiff ( daniel london ) , an outsider like himself who relishes patch's zest for humanity .
another is cage's performance .
bulworth is a smart , uproariously funny picture that proves to me that political satire can scratch far deeper than the surface . ?
i would have liked to have seen more of his character in general , in addition to a part in the film's conclusion .
the story itself is ludicrous and uninteresting and so are its elements .
larry flynt is a self proclaimed smut pedlar and the owner/publisher of the multi-million dollar hustler publications company .
( i don't blame her completely , for there is a strange subplot involving her evil twin that is never explained in any way , and it can't be easy to deal with such terrible screenwriting . )
maroon thinks that roger's wife , jessica's , possible unfaithfulness to him might be the cause of distraction and tells eddie to get some photos of her in the act before it costs him any more money in reshoots .
all in all , the mind of a psycho killer turns out to be a strangely dull place , and i kept wishing i could fast-forward to the next development .
larry meets althea at one of his clubs , and they fall in love ( a very sexual and open love ) .
i can't stand this anymore ! ' .
the biggest lesson to be learned from " batman and robin " is that more is not better .
but there's nothing to learn .
using , for the most part , cheap computer and video special effects , chyron text , wildlife documentary footage , and sets that are sometimes obviously faked up , it nonetheless manages to tell a good enough science fiction story that by the time you're twenty minutes into it , you should be hooked .
he embodies grady , a craggy old writer with a predilection for pot and pink bathrobes .
the last thing a thriller should be is boring , and although the film just barely manages to keep your interest thanks to michael douglas , you wouldn't be missing anything if you decided not to watch a perfect murder .
the scene , containing one old man complaining about how all guests on the show are inbred and rednecks .
why doesn't anybody look a day older , when the sequence says " 14 years later " ?
.
in puerto rico , she meets palmer joss ( matthew mcconaughey ) , a writer examining the effects of technology on the world's overall happiness ; a one- time seminary student who describes himself as " a man of the cloth , without the cloth " .
it's hard to believe that " goodbye , lover " was directed by the same person who made " the killing fields " and " the mission . "
sabrina dhawan's screenplay is vibrant with witty dialog .
i would normally do a detailed paragraph on this topic , but there is no point here because there is nobody that i was impressed with in the least .
matthew broderick stumbles over his lines , and it's hard to picture hank azaria in any role besides his classic dog-walking character on the television show " mad about you " .
a computer will select 800 , 000 people at random .
you're not gonna find her falling down so clooney can come back to save her .
many of the individual scenes are strong enough to earn good will hunting a recommendation , even if the overall story is somewhat generic .
with the one time british colony reverting back to mainland ownership , a lot of hong kong's best talents have crossed the pacific to work on u . s . productions .
her often wry , occasionally cutting asides are the source of much of the film's humor , and there's hardly ever a moment when she doesn't steal the spotlight from her co-stars .
my only quibble is the director's awkward staging of the final scene on the train .
nevertheless , this film guaranteed them all successful careers because each gave an outstanding performance and refused to be overshadowed by the shark .
actually , get carter is a remake of the 1971 british production of the same name , starring caine in the title role ( and what with his cameo here , the cleverness is astonishing ) .
there is a symbolic richness to the film ; everything is permeated with a sense of significance .
kilmer utilizes one such disguise to lure shue's character into getting to know him even more , which would provide him a means of stealing the energy formula .
this turkey , ultimately , isn't awful , but it's not particularly interesting or unique either .
hands down , this is the most fun film of the summer .
the film's gratuitous use of slow motion is distracting .
voight is a terror as he chews up every single piece of scenery and spits it out .
" all right !
" stuart little " is one of the best family films to come out this year .
i'm never one to base a film entirly on special effects , so know that when i give dark city
he breaks things on accident , because he's just too big to avoid clumsiness .
brian depalma's career has been bafflingly erratic .
the audience expectation is that they will add up .
and , with reese's death , azazel is free to hop from body to body , murdering and wreaking havoc at will .
like i said , each character really shines , even when done with a subtle approach .
now you're probably thinking to yourself : " is this really how bad cruel intentions is ? "
" there's room at the top , they are telling you still , but first you must learn how to smile as you kill , if you want to be like the folks on the hill . "
i found myself occasionally wondering if wood had originally made two or three separate movies and accidentally edited them together ; as a result , it is actually quite entertaining in that it is unintentionally hilarious .
he is highly expressive both physically and vocally .
wag the dog reminds us of what can happen if we don't .
but then , it does seem best to quit while you ? ? ? re ahead , and " scream 3 " does a fine job of providing closure to its characters .
and the possibilities are certainly there , but the result is a great disaster .
however , full metal jacket gives the audience an insight into combat life very rarely seen before : boot camp .
i'm quite fond of tina majorino's previous work , very impressed by jean tripplehorn's past accomplishments , and still speechless over costner's dances with wolves .
at one point , a character has a lifelong reconciliation with her mother .
anything that vaguely resembles sausages and eggs .
the man behind the camera is harold ramis , whose credits include ghostbusters ( as writer and star ) , and his best directing effort , the bill murray vehicle , groundhog day .
lee harvey oswald and james earl ray ) , and the real truth behind the grateful dead .
but it's far from profound .
then check out his oscar- nominated work in the madness of king george , still playing in both raleigh and chapel hill .
on the surface , and that's about the only level at which this film can be analyzed , deep rising feels like tremors grafted onto titanic ( everyone else is citing the equally valid aliens/titanic connection , since james cameron directed both ) .
pass the kleenex .
her acting is barely passable , but what a " breath of fresh ass " .
anton ( loren dean ) is produced without flaws , and the competition between brothers spawns .
indianapolis , a navy ship in world war ii that was sunk by the japanese .
like virtually everything else in the film , it's a missed opportunity .
this flick is scary , not in a b movie kind of way where you always know where and when the critter will jump at our heroes .
this is off course a major disappointment to the audience that is used to endless gunfights and mutated amphibians , but the more serious science fiction buffs and 'dark city'-fans will be pleased .
synopsis : al simmons , top-notch assasin with a guilty conscience , dies in a fiery explosion and goes to hell .
nothing too stressful , pure entertainment .
eventually , the actor arrives home and , impressed with giles' demeanor and intelligence , he begins to rely on the older man's advice .
thoroughly .
anderson allows many of hollywood's best supporting actors to blossom at what they do best , character acting .
claire takes two women , claire and noel , both writers , and throws them together in the same cabin at a women-only writer's retreat .
if there's a major drawback to " wild things , " it's that it's oversexed to a fault .
other plot details , involving a videotape and a biker gang , are irrelevant ; in fact , as is the case with most chan films , the plot itself is just about irrelevant .
despite inklings from mother superior mary stigmata ( kathleen freeman ) to do otherwise , elwood seeks out his only remaining family in an effort to start up an all new blues brothers band .
the movie starts off in the 1950's with space aliens sending a botched experiment down to earth .
it's a very mellow , restrained performance , which fits in with the air of gamesmanship in the script .
you might very well like it .
as far as i know , gene siskel and i are the only ones willing to admit that we dug it .
at the end of the last film ( aliens ) , ripley and two survivors were on their way home .
the next day , on her morning walk , margaret discovers reese's lifeless body lying crumpled on the shoreline , a boat anchor impaled in his chest .
i cannot stress this enough . . .
this movie is not about judging stephane's actions as being right or wrong , but about viewing their growth and accepting the characters as who they are .
the only good performance in the movie is by al pacino , but i kept asking myself what the heck he was doing in this mess ?
but , doc hopper ( charles durning ) , the owner of a chain of french fried frog leg restaurants has a different idea .
lean , mean , escapist thrillers are a tough product to come by .
batman and the joker were opposite sides of the same coin , battling inner demons and one another over gotham city's breathtaking gothic skyline .
the setting of the film is a town named blue bay .
as sethe's sage-like mother-in-law old baby suggs , beah richards authoritatively commands every scene in which she appears .
using shock-therapy and the law , dr . moreau has long been able to keep his beast-people civilised to some extent but there are a few animal-men who are just too savage to be controlled .
joe pesci , in particular , sinks his teeth into his role as alda's unscrupulous brother-in-law , a slum lord with mob ties , who is cheating on his wife ( catherine o'hara ) .
the sometimes allure of watching seagal is watching him outmaneuver enemies that outnumber and outgun him like in under seige .
though " the boxer " is a good film , it never achieves the greatness that it should .
pure and simple , the klumps is a failure .
alessandro nivola plays robin fleming , a troubled , directionless 21-year-old who has a penchant for breaking storefront windows in a small town .
and so the game begins .
and don't do violent illegal business with low-life amoral degenerate scum-sucking losers .
clueless was an annoying , unfunny waste of time .
the way . . .
fellini's views on nostalgia are clearly illustrated with a way he mixes reality and fantasy in this film .
there have been several recent political films that didn't do a whole lot for me -- wag the dog , for instance , i found to be an intelligent but heartless film , while primary colors is unbearable and unwatchable in its awfulness . ?
for example , john realizes emma is not and probably never was his wife so he does not feel an emotional bond to her , yet in some scenes crucial to the film's plot , we are expected to believe they do have a genuine love for each other , which is also part of the film's climax and ending .
in addition to getting the look just right , he's perfect for this role -- derek requires intelligence , depth , and a whole lot of shouting , and norton does it all with ease .
the numerous characters in the film are all closely connected no matter how different they are from one another socially .
crystal requests a private lap dance for her boyfriend ( kyle maclachlan ) .
the first film produced by adam sandler's happy madison production company ( clever title eh ? ) is essentially a one joke movie , much like the movies sandler stars in himself .
and then , of course , there's doogie's mind meld with a bug .
for all his madness , christof has shown the world a place without violence and hardship , and demonstrated that a human being can function well within it .
as with the mission impossible films and so many other cinematic homages to the third quarter of the last century , the title makes promises that the filmmakers have no intention of honoring .
after being shot , handcuffed , and thrown in the back seat of a car , she still manages to cause an accident , kick out the windshield with her legs , grab a suitcase full of money ( plus some important documentation ) , climb through the rubble , land on her shot leg , and still succeed at running for safety .
it has a lot working against it , for me at least .
the race issue was brought up right from the film's onset , as a number of white interviewees , regular citizens , note that their impression of a pimp , is that he's the lowest form of human .
ariane ascaride , along with her kids , gives a perf that really makes you think of her as the sister that the young man never had .
jamaican film , shot entirely on video , featuring a standard cop movie plot mixed with a dash of john woo-styled brotherhood morals ( and a little gunplay ) .
the plot is an accumulation of cliches without even the slightest touch of originality to make it interesting .
i did not laugh much during the film because i was so emotionally wrapped up with the character .
the film , which won best picture in 1967 focuses on vergil tibbs , played superbly by sidney poitier as a fearless african american police officer from philadelphia who refuses to give up on an investigation in a white town where is he not wanted .
along with its superb dialogue , action , writing , directing , and acting , this film will not only latch onto you , but it proves that it does not want to release you until it has sunk its claws completely into you .
luis , the stupidest man who ever lived , immediately instructs the bank to make his personal and business accounts available to julia , despite the fact that she seems nothing like the woman with whom he corresponded .
first , she becomes a lap dancer at a scummy strip club .
jewison has a very keen style of displaying various cases of racism as he is neither pedantic nor overly sentimental .
compared to pulp fiction ( comparison #3 ) , the characters in jackie brown and very thin and replaceable .
cruel intentions is bad for many reasons , but it lacks both believable characters and masterful acting .
heavy spoiler . . .
herlihy knows what sort of jokes sandler is good at and has tailored the script to his straight-faced , smart-aleck style .
this is mostly thanks to the excellent camera work by antoine heberle and jeanne lapoirie , who shot the film in a dreamy haze , and the lead performance by rampling .
the remainder of the film is almost always fast-paced and full of action and suspense , with jerry's life being constantly put into jeopardy .
someone else probably could have directed , but since he was there anyway , what the heck .
her work has never been off the scrutiny of the us government , which considers it a waste of taxpayer's money and politically unviable , her supervisor ( tom skerritt ) pulls the plug on seti .
the film develops when its villain is established , and the villain here is the beguiling michael korda , a jewel thief , and murderer who likes to let cops know of his hostage fatalities by giving them the ear of the victim .
a hong kong film has a tempo that changes , heightening its emotional impact .
this is sacrilege .
their verbal sparring at the outset provides much humour -- an exchange where dewey defensively rebukes charges of a perceived aura of incompetency is well-written -- and there's a curiously endearing aspect about their relationship amidst all the mayhem and bloodshed .
why do helicopters have to follow godzilla by flying dangerously between buildings where they can lose sight of him , when they could more easily keep track of him by flying a little higher and in a straight line ?
it's intended as a sort of hard day's night , but ends up simply hard to watch .
christopher lambert vs . evil ninjas in modern-day japan . . .
bobby meets up with grace ( jennifer lopez ) , who invites him back to her place , for drape-hanging and other domestic issues .
i haven't laughed this hard in a movie since austin powers .
just as the two are about to get overtly physical , max bursts into the room and catches them .
by the end of 54 , shane's most notable trait is his stupid , fake accent .
a lot of the movie is like that .
the latter will , however , help with an international release .
( why does the guy on top of the horse carriage just stand there when his opponent takes forever scampering his way back to the top ?
sadly , though , i don't think anyone in the audience i saw it with realized it was a parody , because i was the only one laughing .
as for the question of whether or not " scream 2 " is yet another sequel not as good as its predecessor .
i immediately rented it and with a certain amount of glee , rushed home to view it .
frankly , this is a pretty good movie , if you can accept the premise and can take the macho stuff .
by the time jim west ( smith ) disguised himself as a belly dancer to bail his captured comrade , artemus gordon ( kline ) , from the clutches of evil dr . loveless ( branagh ) , i was unequivocally bored by wild wild west , the new summer blockbuster from men in black director barry sonnenfeld .
what makes " 102 dalmatians " such a collosal bore is its embarrassing attempts at humor ( here almost single-handedly foisted on a wisecracking macaw who thinks he's a dog , voiced by eric idle ) , its rabid plotlessness ( cruella goes after puppies again ; winds up in goo again ) and most of all , the incredibly wooden actors who plays the romantic " heroes " of the piece , a welshman named ioan gruffudd and the blander-than-bland alice evans as a parole officer named chlo ? .
hall also plays with gratuitous inserts of drug paraphernalia and flashbacks to the day before the film's main events , perhaps making a particular effort to point out the talent the characters are wasting through self-destructive behavior .
and because i couldn't care for them , i didn't really give a crap if the asteroid killed them or not .
meanwhile someone is playing very rough with wigand and his family .
stealing the show in every scene she's in is wanda sykes ( " the chris rock show " ) as wellington's disgruntled maid .
a tragic waste of talent and incredible visual effects .
stage director nicholas hytner , in a remarkable screen debut , has adapted alan bennett's 1991 tragic comedy to fine effect .
although it was great fun watching star wars and the empire strikes back on the big screen , return of the jedi generates a greater sense of enjoyment .
he's the best thing in a movie that--despite the work of four credited writers-- * still * manages to waste such diverse talents as david odgen stiers , kevin mccarthy , and joe pantolinao .
i was however very surprised with martin sheen's showing , since i hadn't taken him too seriously as an actor over the past few years .
and many , many more .
great films are beyond rare .
with the resources of the most cutting edge special effects houses and the clout of one of the nation's premiere movie production companies , one would think emmerich could make a film truly deserving of the name godzilla .
the film is well worth seeing on the big screen .
no wonder sphere is being released in february , in the midst of the early year's cinematic wasteland .
there are fight scenes in this movie , so why aren't we seeing storyboards of those segments ( especially the parody moments from the matrix ) ?
this is comedy so clean and nice and corny and so devoid of danger that it leaves this viewer totally cold .
there is so much more that this movie could have been , but decided to give us nothing but cheap thrills .
so what was the point of the wig and the car ?
they know what they want , yet temper it with responsibility .
that said , these minor flaws don't prevent " lost highway " from attaining its place as one of the darkest , most unsettling films to hit the screens in recent years .
of course , not everything goes entirely to plan .
while the first film had a little shooting of guns and what was there seemed a little half- hearted , by the second film , beneath the planet of the apes , there was a good deal more violence and from that point on the series had a lot of violence and chases .
for 30 years , truman suspects nothing-`we accept the reality we're given , ' poses christof-but a desire to break free of the sunny town and visit a long lost love in `fiji' ( mcelhone , who was actually an actress fired by christof for trying to break the confidentiality agreement ) overwhelms him .
meanwhile , the lonely hearts are off doing the classic " sex , drugs , and rock n' roll " thing , leaving poor strawberry fields without her true love , billy .
for all the money they could have done better .
along the way , he picks up -- and subsequently saves the life of -- hitchhiking loner lane dixon ( jared leto ) .
the draw of fame and his desire to prove just how good he really is begins to isolate him in his own hell .
the action is seen through the eyes of lenny ( maaia sethna ) , a young parsee girl , but it is really about her nanny , shanta .
at the scene of each murder in " scream 3 , " the killer leaves a photo of sidney's mother maureen as a teenager in hollywood and even includes a note claiming to be her real killer .
david's fall over the dark cliff has begun .
in those performances he tended to exaggerate the vehemence of cutthroat businessmen , with much frothing at the mouth while projecting all his bad intentions to the world .
the most notorious thing about this film , which has been getting the most notice , though , is that the director , thomas vinterberg has shot it in a completely awkward fashion .
but there's no argument that the more unbelievable sequences are original and entertaining as hell : who can resist the sight of davis tossing her daughter from a hole in her house into the nearby treehouse or chasing after a car . . .
the mixture of comedy and tension blended nicely .
riginally posted in home theater forum ===
r2-d2 and c-3po make token appearances , and it's obvious that lucas is banking on the audience's pre-existing fondness for them . . .
it makes you see the characters for what they are without any false sympathy for them .
and the shadow of that earlier hit hangs over you've got mail like dried-up mistletoe .
i . e .
( 7 ) murphy's idea of drama is a scene in which his character apologizes for the first time in his life .
imgen , the company that funded jurrasic park , want to reccover their losses by taking more dinos off the other island and move them to a new attraction in san diago .
as the night goes on , he becomes increasingly annoyed and hostile .
so paul agrees and the race is on .
also , bruce mcgill is charming as the kindly miller william .
maybe i just felt sorry for the actors , or maybe i thought it could have been decent if the studio hadn't started tinkering with the director's ( walter hill ) final cut , causing him to want his name removed .
the main claim of the film , the special effects , are okay .
those are the scenes that make up " metro , " which is mainly about eddie murphy s maturing as a personality .
eddie murphy will be signed up to take not just one role or five roles , but he'll play every character in the movie .
and every scene in the movie ends with a middle wipe -- really .
the ship disappeared as soon as it went into operation but after 7 years , it reappeared again within the orbit of neptune .
sorry .
virtual seduction is one of those harmless movies to which you could do some light manual labor and not mind having it on in the background .
the president ( bill pullman ) , who's under attack for being a wimp , decides this would be a nice time to be belligerent , and he decides he'll stay in the white house which the aliens have covered .
anyhow , this life form takes control of the computers on the russian vessel then starts creating highly advanced robots to help it in its gruesome task of exterminating the ? virus' known as man .
anne archer who is usually good in her roles , turns in a horrible job here .
confidential " ) makes a few missteps .
the second act of the movie begins with the trio of men on the front lines in vietnam , stationed in a south vietnamese village being attacked by the viet cong .
this year it's " salome . "
" it was always , 'more !
my vote goes for the ending credits , where you can start trying to put the awful experience behind you .
nothing is spoon-fed to the viewer .
an intergalactic kegger party , with jake busey playing " dixie " on a green plexiglas fiddle , has a certain bizarre appeal .
but hey , if you're in the mafia , using obscenities probably comes naturally .
pretty good premise , no ?
she plays the role well , but her character is sadly underwritten and is pushed to the sidelines just when the audience is used to her .
that is why he got caught- the police found him with the money .
or is it a combination of both ?
hopefully , this film didn't influence too many young computer users out to think they can do what is portrayed in this 105 minute waste of time .
unlike most summer movies , the dialogue is twice as important as the effects .
it felt like one of those disney movies that i so looked forward to when i was six .
but the snow melts , and so might several of the character's hopes .
but they're menu screens . . .
should she ignore her instincts and fall for charlie again .
apparently everyone in the town is dead .
the original theatrical trailer is also on the disc , which contains scenes not in the film .
meir's response , is that it is written like that in the talmud .
it starts off " normal " but then downshifts into this " fantasy " world in which you , as an audience member , have no idea what's going on .
actors vince vieluf and phil buckman , as andy's friends , are no more impressive .
but in a turn of bad luck , sammy wrecks his car . . . only
swingers is light , unassuming fare , sweet candy you will want to bust your gut with - laughing - again and again .
playing vitti's private shrink , the two very different stars strike an unorthodox , but interesting relationship that carries this enjoyable comedy on a steady wave of laughs from start to finish .
the screenplay , also written by berg , is , to put it mildly , very funny and courageous .
they are who they are and they stay that way .
there's a great movie !
ethan hawke has developed into a handsome adult actor , giving his best performance of his lifetime so far .
is it old-school sexism , or a clever in-joke ?
it's hard to fathom a more agreeable pair for the requirements of a story like this one , with each possessing at least one memorable trait that instantly separates them from the wooden caricatures that could have been featured .
i just wish he hadn't brought a cast like this together for what amounts to a group toe-stub .
these are talented people who made the mistake of jumping on to a script with little but stock characters and a bag of tricks that it dully springs on its audience .
" he's a prick " or " she's a bitch " is no defense .
the formula for the two films is similar -- both of the principals learn from each other as they slowly break down their barriers on the way to a better understanding of life and their place in it -- but the characters are different .
but this is a movie about a man who does the right thing .
but this is a relatively small complaint about a very good movie .
who knows .
two is never greenlight a sci-fi film starring john travolta .
by playing mild-mannered truman burbank , he allows himself enough room to be comical , and therefore not alienating his true fans , while still showing a vulnerable and human side .
" your work has a cultural currency that is important now , " is the artist-speak that the frame's manager uses to convince lucy to show her pictures in the magazine .
after all this is a movie that features the kind of faux hipsters i can't stand getting slaughtered , which is at least better than watching an entire film about people i can't stand not getting slaughtered .
it eats little boys .
o'donnell is madly rushing down a deserted street and the caption reads `what is this man running from ? '
there's a blond co-ed named cece ( sarah michelle gellar , who has now appeared in two of williamson's movies -- this one and i know what you did last summer ) ; sidney's requisite boyfriend , derek ( jerry o'connell ) ; a local newswoman ( laurie metcalf ) ; gale's new cameraman ( duane martin ) ; a british drama teacher ( david warner ) ; and several sorority sisters and would-be sorority sisters ( portia de rossi , rebecca gayheart , elise neal , marisol nichols ) .
the film opens with a ridiculous present day setting which contains a scene that jabs at " the jerry springer show . "
a fine example of this difference can be found by examining a couple of jackie chan's films . .
in the morning . . .
too bad they didn't simply stick with the formula from the first movie .
there is also one of the most unpleasant body disposal scenes yet seen on the screen .
there , they hold up a store , are mistaken for two other robbers ( just like in my cousin vinny ) and are chased by the police , and the other robbers .
the most ironic thing about the international version of the film is that with the inclusion of the missing scenes , the film becomes primarily a heavy , emotional drama punctuated with big action scenes at the beginning and the end of the film .
david cronenberg has shown us before that he knows how to create strange movies ( naked lunch , crash ) , but this one is one of the strangest .
all those young people are growing up together , going through all kinds of inexplicable emotional highs and lows , so naturally some weirdness is expected .
the " evil sidekick support group " is especially worth seeing , and has an amazing number of cameo appearances for the few seconds it's onscreen .
the film starts promisingly enough , with a well executed skateboarding scene through a shopping mall set to the sex pistols' 'problem' ( green's put together a first rate soundtrack ) and yes , i laughed a few times .
kid : my dad's a _huge_ asshole .
before i leave you , i would like to bring to your attention the third most irritating thing about the film ( the first being the lack of craft , the second the lack of exploitation ) -- its characters , all of whom are just about the most annoying group of people i've ever spent an evening with .
strangely upbeat and wistful , the resolution is wholly unconvincing and unsatisfying .
i groaned as an attack on sidney from the first " scream " was repeated moment-for-moment in the hollywood set of her home .
me ! "
couldn't the filmmakers watch _heathers_ first ?
the plot is superb ; combining the best elements of science fiction and psychological mystery to create a rip-roaring saga .
at least he has something for us to laught at . . .
once home , she never sends these letters , saving money on postage , and relishing in the drama contained therein with her neighbor irene ( mar ? lia p ? ra ) .
the film is riddled with telling symbols ( e . g .
the leader of the grasshoppers is hopper , who is fiendishly voiced by oscar winner kevin spacey .
david morse as commander beck , ron rifkin as commander frost , and john spencer as police chief al travis are all more than competent , and can hold their own in scenes with jackson and spacey .
the winner takes home a tank .
upon seeing them , roger is emotionally destroyed and soon after acme is found dead and roger rabbit is the prime suspect .
i don't think so .
one satisfying concluding scene could have changed the whole film for the better .
the film is hard to follow with the heavy accents of the actors .
since january is usually the time of year that is known as the dumping ground from bad movies , " at first sight " comes as a refreshing and sophisticated change of pace .
then it moves on with rocky being in a fixed fight with thunderlips ( hulk hogan ) .
he plays chester , a spoiled brat actor or something who has just had a huge box-office hit on his hands and is living it up by playing an anti-climactic game from a hitchcock tv episode starring steve mcqueen and peter lorre where they gamble to see if one of them can get light from his lighter ten times in a row .
you'll enjoy the final scene where the wall mural seemingly comes to life during a heated speech given by pacino .
when he returns with the `warriors' , the town is ecstatic until they find out the truth about their heroes .
oscar-hungry director/executive producer roland emmerich did not intend to , but he made the stereotypical action hero for the 18th century .
stephane ( daniel auteuil ) is a master violin maker .
fat bastard .
what the hell were they thinking when they made this thing ?
* * * * = excellent .
the ads for " batman and robin " scream " the event of the summer is here " and that's the problem .
what are the four ingredients of a really bad action movie ?
( 3 ) the movie demeans women by depicting them solely as sexual objects and as pawns in power struggles between men .
what makes _election_ so disappointing is that it contains significant plot details lifted directly from _rushmore_ , released a few months earlier .
oh , and by the way , this is not a horror or teen slasher flick . . . it's
reb braddock's direction is extremely sharp and clever , toeing the line between black humour and bad taste .
the patriot is three hours of fictional fireworks .
even the giggly 12-year old girls had grown restless toward the end as they waited impatiently for the formula to run it's course .
a few carefully placed jokes can set an action movie sailing , but too many wisecracks can undermine the momentum of a film .
guy who also did last seduction ) red rock west .
he is well lit via the external house lights .
any other .
again , this is achieved through groeteschele , who is easily the film's most important character in terms of the larger-theme significance .
the film seems to be built around strange events and weird history , but it really has little to do with the content of the stories , though they all are connected in part by one weird event .
very cool .
the moment i first saw martha , i started looking for fangs .
when closed down , some of the lifer prisoners decided to stay and live out the remaining years on the planet .
although an obvious attempt to relive the chemistry brought forth by robin williams in aladdin , murphy nevertheless distinguishes himself with his own winning performance .
no , the movie just continued on its path of lame action scenes starring pamela van-damme , big-busted kickboxer , and her resistance accomplices , ex-boyfriend axel ( tamuera morrison ) and cora ( victoria rowell ) .
it looks nicer , and has fewer plot-holes within its equally ludicrous framework .
is it a statement on human rights ?
everyone must know by now about the soft-core acts of copulation , especially the riotous romp between berkley and maclachlan in his pool .
get the point .
it may not be groundbreakingly original , but it sure is an entertaining ride for the duration of its running time .
maybe it was the casting of the underrated jeremy piven in a supporting role , and the hilarious eugene levy .
now . . .
the sad part is that the arrow and i both dig on flicks like this , so we actually figured most of it out by the half-way point , so all of the strangeness after that did start to make a little bit of sense , but it still didn't the make the film all that more entertaining .
rated r .
and attempt to run towards the exit in slow motion ) .
several aspects of the panic are shown in a humorous light .
had you going there for a moment , didn't i ?
audio commentary ?
oh , he's been busy -- doing the talk show circuit , taking small roles in various films , overseeing the production of his screenplay from dusk till dawn , making cameo appearances on television shows , providing a vignette for the ill-fated anthology four rooms -- everything , it seems , except direct another feature-length film .
talking of pants , parillaud has her clothes off faster than you can say " point of no return . "
but all of a sudden she says yes .
after such hits as independence day and mib , wild wild west is not an impressive addition to the resume .
there's a vague attempt to humanize li by having him fall in love with a downtrodden prostitute , whose daughter is being held hostage , for some reason , by the villain .
the camera cuts all over the place , disoreitating the audience , and instead of involving the audience in the action , it merely alienates them .
ben is also coming on to his petite , mousy co-worker peggy blaine ( mary-louise parker ) and someone , somewhere , is planning to cash in on that huge life insurance policy of his .
but if you just want to admire denise richards , go for last year's starship troopers , which was every bit as campy , but a million times better .
and now - as paul harvey would say - for the rest of the story .
fifteen minutes and one bottle of pear brandy later , they're engaging in some hanky-panky .
a thriller ?
" the robe . "
the performances are solid throughout .
his insistence to be alone , much to the dismay of his parents , is something that most people would find difficult to understand , but as played by mckellar , we can understand his reasons .
as for the claims that the catholic church created ? dracula' , well that is the second most sacrilegious suggestion , outside the fact that priests and monks bear the brunt of the vampire fury , with enough blood spilt to make the inquisition look tame .
whatever neat mesh the screenwriter wanted to create between the two stories failed miserably .
would you believe -- in real life , i mean -- that if you were julia roberts , that you'd be the ugly underdog to your sister , the creepy catherine zeta-jones ?
gone are the days of people getting pulled under the water with the water turning red right after .
terry gilliam's " 12 monkeys " was one such film .
unfortunately , all of these effects seem so detached from the story , and can do little to support the film's plot deficiencies , which are undoubtedly the main problem .
needless to say , their stories are horrifying , amazing , and emotionally draining .
mighty joe young blunders about for nearly twenty minutes before we actually get to see a great big gorilla .
it just crawls from one scene to another without any forward momentum .
there was a clump of people near me in the theater laughing uproariously through this film , and the rest of the theater was relatively silent through most of it .
he's extremely colorful , and therefore he pretty much fits his role to a t , even if the role is that of an ex-cia weapons expert .
the plot is deceptively simple .
arlo is not happy with his job .
a definite hunk-a-hunk-a burnin' adventure !
i've only seen a few of soderbergh's films ( i was impressed both with kafka and sex , lies , and videotape ) , but i think he's excellent at what he does .
the sets are beautiful to gaze upon .
director wolfgang peterson ( " das boot " , " in the line of fire " , " outbreak " takes the over-used " die hard " theme and gives us something new in a film that combines brilliant acting with hold-your-breath intensity .
i was originally excited about this story element until i saw the movie , where it came off as maudlin .
the love for family is one of the strongest driving forces in any man's life , especially for those who have fostered their family under precarious circumstances .
juliette binoche's nurse comes as close as this film gets to an emotional heart .
what they find out is that organism feeds directly on energy and that detonating the a-bomb over the town would only spread it across the entire planet .
the killer wears one of those l . l . bean parkas with the hood drawn completely up , so you can't see the face .
linklater uses an interesting technique to examine these characters : the camera follows one person for a few minutes , then someone else walks by and the camera follows that person , who walks into a diner just as another person is walking out the door .
why is this ?
warren beatty returns to the screens in the funniest , craziest and hard hitting movie in his career .
helped along by a warm , memorable supporting performance from laura san giacomo , as vivian's best friend and roommate , and a fabulously catchy soundtrack , in which all of the songs prominently aid in the movie's overall fulfillment , " pretty woman " is a sparkler of a motion picture , and has what it takes to act as a blueprint on how to make the quintessential romantic comedy .
this causes estella to 'fear the daylight' of relationships , but finn thinks it's just a case of snobbery .
if it were a ship -- no , it wouldn't be the titanic , that would imply glamor and tragedy -- it would be the exxon valdez .
when a samurai has failed in the job of protecting his master from death , he becomes a ronin , much like a gunfighter in the american west .
well , he's pretty much rodman .
i am not christian , but i got the impression of blasphemy .
he has all the money , all the sex -- all at his fingertips .
there has been a glut of holocaust movies and i was skeptical that a new documentary would have anything new to say .
he believes so much in this indian myth that he starts to change physically .
the film is just loaded with unlikeable rich snobs and other folk you never really get a grasp on .
i've been a russell crowe fan since " romper stomper . "
the movie doesn't try to romanticise the mercenary profession nor glorify mercenaries as some kind of superheroes ; they are simply shown as deadly yet expendable tool of powerful forces with questionable agenda .
lack of self-righteous moral perspective is compensated with fellini's humanistic approach to his characters .
the car slams into the ground , and the left wheel is completely destroyed .
it grabs you and never lets go !
a student , the deliciously curvaceous kelly van ryan ( denise richards ) , has a crush on him .
but as you scratch beneath the surface , something scary and evil begins to rear its ugly head .
there was some smart comedy in those films to make the obvious endings worth getting to .
where it does become complicated is when we juxtapose the scenes of the movie into the greater walk of life where we , as americans , have preconceived american notions of relationship , love , and people .
what once was excitement to the deputy has turned into fear with the realization that he is now powerless .
the scenery is so different from anything i have ever seen before .
kevin williamson was the reason horror films were such a big draw at the box office .
a really funny ( and meant to be funny ) scene takes place on the oil tanker right before the collision .
it not a scary monster movie , nor is it a psychological thriller .
what it is , however , is a series of increasingly- improbable and shockingly predictable plot twists .
the film flowed beautifully .
most of these moments come off as kwik-e-mart wisdom , dispensed heartily around the slushee machine of life by the even-tempered streetwise hand of ice cube .
i'm sure that i'm not spoiling the ending for anyone , when i tell you that toninho reforms his macho ways and together they cook up a meal that breaks her spell of loving him again .
they aren't like movies that take place on a plane or a train , as anybody can get on one of those .
paradoxically , there's a lot less gore .
it opens with the marriage of max ( weaver ) to dean ( liotta ) , a new jersey chop shop operator .
weir had the nearly impossible task to create the unimitible tone , deftly mixing capra with kafka , throwing george bailey in a universe inhabited by rod serling .
claire wrights light comedy , while noel is a scholarly authority on porn and sexual behavior .
his reasons ?
to some it is just a journey to their personal paradise , to some a personal playground -- a life without any consequences .
all-in-all , a wonderful production , well worth your seven bucks !
there's a lot to like here , most notably the sheer visual look and style of it all which accounts for at least half the reasons the film is able to tell the story it does .
the effect this has upon helfgott is cleverly told via a single reverse tracked shot ; david is sobbing on the front doorway of his music teacher's house .
never talk to strangers centers upon sarah , a psychologist examining the ill-tempered max , a murderer soon to stand trial .
it offers something to every member of the audience , and you would almost certainly not come out disappointed .
i blame director jeremiah chechik , who shouldn't have been given the task to begin with .
the movie is all style , all visuals and attitudes , quotable lines and posturing -- and it delivers all those things consistently and with great brio and pacing .
dinosaurs ( the t . rex's have to be seen to be believed ) , there is nothing else to recommend the lost world .
we are introduced to jackson ( johnathon schaech , last encounter in tom hanks' that thing you do ! ) and helen ( gwyneth paltrow ) , a picture perfect young couple who are very much in love .
" gone with the wind " , this isn't .
it is quality entertainment that only fan of beavis and butthead would enjoy .
the funny ( yes , i used the word 'funny' ) thing about this movie is that i heard more chortling and giggling ( maybe it was my giggling ) than i heard screaming .
in fact , it tells us that we , as a society , have become too critical of things which may happen to look a little " fake . "
matinee is not like that .
he wishes that he could get closer to allison ( frances o'connor ) , a co-worker with whom he is infatuated but who has never taken notice of him .
so is the film for adults ?
the polar ice caps have melted , and somehow produced enough water to inundate the entire planet .
quaid must find out who he really is and why these people want him dead .
it also feels like its been cut to pieces , clocking in at 90 minutes and forgetting to close some of its own subplots .
romeo is bleeding wants to carry the unusual flavor of reservoir dogs or bad lieutenant .
mtv-style , jerky , in-your-face editing is one of them .
with its uninspired action and tepid adventure sequences , the film barely registers a pulse .
fragile nell ( taylor ) , bisexual theo ( zeta-jones ) , and smiley luke ( wilson ) are three insomniacs who gather at the reputedly possessed hill house for an extended study on sleep disorders , hosted by professor marrow ( neeson ) .
powered by a top rate , but not top name soundtrack ( iggy pop , sleeper , elastica , lou reed . . . ) the film follows renton who gets clean , gets back into heroin and gets clean again .
the would-be big time operator is desperately in need of help .
out of all this mess , there manages to lie a message .
when they wake up their equipment is gone and only the tapes remain .
once the plot gets moving , u-571 gives us action sequence after action sequence , making the audience wonder " ok , now how do they get out of this ? " .
the movie tries to give us two separate and distinct acts .
please note that it is the action that is unexpected .
it was a period that would mercilessly force me to exit boyhood and thrust me into the unwelcome arms of adulthood .
elle , the chief's daughter ( campbell ) , is bland personified , a dutiful girl with no higher aspiration than to have a child and be married .
they made this movie before they were stars .
the plot is even similar to that of " grumpy old men " in that lemmon and matthau's mismatched characters are brought together by a romance between their children .
the shock and outrage from the congregation grows , the questions keep coming , and he keeps shooting back honest , if ugly , answers .
and never mind the toilet brush haircut .
we don't know why the crew was really out in the middle of nowhere , we don't know the origin of what took over the ship ( just that a big pink flashy thing hit the mir ) , and , of course , we don't know why donald sutherland is stumbling around drunkenly throughout .
the music by matthew wilder and lyrics by david zippel fit nicely into the plot .
you'd think such a man would keep his evil wrapped tightly underneath a good-natured veneer , but from gordon gecko to nicholas van orton , douglas played the role straight and out in the open .
the liner notes ( one of the many nice features of this dvd ) indicate that there is some never-before-seen historical footage in the last days .
this rating came from a brief , very brief use of the grand-daddy of all swear words .
movies like this need wit and brashness to be absorbing .
sometimes , the mix results in a mind-blowing spectacle unlike any other .
more importantly , it could have been moving on a level far deeper than it is .
it is possible that jawbreaker might have succeeded in being ( darkly ) humorous if it wasn't shackled to its dead-weight plot .
like the marginal , motley bunch of post-apocalyptic youths director danny boyle tries to depict , trainspotting veers on the edge of utter mayhem but ultimately retains its footing and control .
nothing wrong with that , but she entered the room from the floor and knew exactly where the mask was - so why didn't she and macdougal tunnel in directly under the mask instead of the other side of the room ?
many will find it slight , but i found much to savor among its subtleties .
the original crew of the russian vessel is all but exterminated , and then a hapless crew on a tug discovers the derelict ship and tries to salvage it .
( i was going to give it a zero , but i personally like jackie shroff , so i loosened up a little .
but while watching deep impact , i began to wonder how anyone in their right mind could actually like this film .
luke skywalker ( mark hamill ) , princess leia ( carrie fisher ) , lando calrissian , ( billy dee williams ) , chewbacca ( peter mayhew ) , c3p0 ( anthony daniels ) and r2-d2 ( kenny baker ) are on a rescue mission to luke's home planet of tatooine .
robbins puts his game face on and phones in his standard " decent guy " performance .
this is the biggest disappointment of the year , especially when such a talented director like burton handles a project like this .
" drunken master " features some wonderful martial arts sequences , with jackie winning some fights and losing others .
other regulars that appear in this movie include charles hawtrey and bernard bresslaw ( in his debut ) as big heap and little heap respectively .
it contains scenes of bloody , violent gay bashing and graphic , uninhibited , sex .
the supporting cast , including christine baranski as a work-loving actress and jamie kennedy as the cameraman , all perform well within their limits .
julie and ray experience a rather predictable falling-out at the beginning of the movie , leaving the door wide open for newcomer will benson ( matthew settle ) .
phil , actually , has other motives : the beautiful park ranger jesse ( a .
was this rushed to market to combat disney ?
if you do take your kids , i recommend seeing the film with them , because more than likely , you'll enjoy it the most .
if you are in the mood for a thoughtful , non-formula flick , i highly recommend american beauty .
the characters are a little more complex than they at first appear to be , and even that is a little more complex than i was expecting .
the movie was supposedly held up by effects work , but there's nothing special on the screen .
i figured the film would be raunchy , maybe another lucky escapee from nc-17 hell .
fox and kelley soon become bitter rivals because the new fox books store is opening up right across the block from the small business .
" silverman " has its heart in the right place , but the story , by newcomers hank nelken and greg depaul , is too lightweight to sustain the tale of the battle for darren's soul .
the other friends are real estate agent robert boyd ( christian slater ) , quiet charles ( leland orser ) , and brothers , michael ( jeremy piven ) and family man adam ( daniel stern ) .
when it is over whether anything has been established is open to interpretation .
but he brings a sort of pathetic charm to the role , and it's his performance that makes the film truly funny instead of just offensive .
sometimes the dialogue is too clever , but that's a problem i wish i found with films more often .
the 47-year old martial arts master has a renowned reputation for doing all of his own stunt work and , here , he does not disappoint .
so while it certainly isn't reservoir dogs , it certainly isn't diva .
it's not hard to see who the bad guys are .
he isn't content to live among humans , and is convinced that the vampire race is the superior one and he means to insure its superiority .
as he passes them , we see that his face is covered in blood .
at least the species movies hold no bones about the fact that they're exploiting the female body .
the announcement ( in english , but punctuated by a triumphant " heil hitler ! " ) is that russian troops are only miles away from jakob's ghetto .
after a rocky start , the two form a rapport and will begins to explore issues and emotions he had walled up behind impregnable armor .
everyone in truman's life is an actor or an extra .
lois lane's sister , lucy .
even though the concept is not realistic at all , it is pulled off very nicely .
but the joy in a film like this is in the little details .
death assumes the body of brad pitt , and from there , much trouble ensues .
in short , if you like really raunchy humor , you may find it , as i did , to be the funniest movie of the year .
from a humiliated but kind cop to an aging game show host , each one of these characters is suffering the same kind of pain .
first was the comet competition , and armageddon blew away it's cheesily dramatic competitor deep impact .
it's the kind of movie where the villain calmly purses a running-like-the-wind-prey , yet still manages to catch that prey through some really awful editing techniques .
in fact , it's very good .
he finally finds the impressive abode high in the mountains and sneaks in just as valentine is having a big party .
he's an even-tempered , funny , robust old man who actually listens to the kids' problems ( as opposed to their parents and friends , both caught up in the high-wire act of their own confused lives . )
over 40 years ago , a japanese production company called toho introduced the land of the rising sun to gojira , a reptilian creature of immense proportions created by mankind's nuclear testing .
the big dramatic culmination is a swim race , which is somewhat silly albeit beautifully photographed .
there's no way to relinquish the selfishness of society , and any solution would be too small to cure such a mass problem .
another major problem with " mystery men " is that every actor in it seemed very uncomfortable and consequently gave terrible performances .
thrills , chills , and spills aren't what you will get in this film , but you will just get another trip to send your mind on , scrambling it until you've had enough .
even the down-to-earth streets of rimini , where everyone knows everyone , gets magical dimension during the snowfall .
" super mario brothers ? "
in that order , knock off is completely incoherent and makes absolutely no sense .
yet , i must report disappointment .
? bulworth also meets nina ( halle berry ) with whom he becomes infatuated .
and devito has never had such a humanistic role before , which i was surprised about .
he is thrilled to be around zero's brilliance , but his bizarre behavior , and strange requests , are frustrating to the former lawyer .
the premise of " frequency " is unusual , and requires getting over one very important mental hurdle to fully accept : john and frank are the only ones conscious of how the timeline has been changed as a result of their actions .
only now do i see the error of my ways .
it takes realistic , believable characters and tells an exciting story that's totally believable throughout .
probably half a dozen times , " i gulped . . .
the film is about four teenage boys , all huge kiss fans from cleveland , trying to get into a kiss concert in detroit , michigan .
she jumps , but andy , with a bungee cord attached , goes after her , and manages to save her ( at the price of a major headache ) .
zero's accomplice is steve arlo ( ben stiller ) , a " normal " guy who does the business side of the job -- he's the one who actually speaks to clients and explains zero's greatness as an investigator .
best bit : baby crawling across a busy city street .
for the most part , it's style without substance .
it was his first truly dramatic role since 1989's dead poets society , and critical remarks were unanimously positive .
after stumbling into a room at the wrong time , he knows there is something no good about this company .
in this regard , it wildly succeeds due to mr . aronofsky's striking direction .
while a long , or dolly shot may objectively reveal the size of the mob , panning from the mob's belly distorts the audience's spatial reference and exaggerates the claustrophobia of the scene ; we feel we are at the epicenter of something infinitely large .
wolfgang petersen's latest , the perfect storm , is like a pineapple .
in _the wedding singer_ , she was julia gulia .
after a while , they fall in love ( well , duh ) .
however , flynt has a number of things going for him , he's rich , he's funny , and most importantly , he says exactly what he means .
to that end , he places a half dozen very special tokens in his slot machines .
julia explains that she sent a different woman's image because she didn't want to be selected solely for her pretty face .
its like jurassic park under water .
the tenor of these exchanges grows darker and more bitter as the movie progresses .
the competition is simple : each contestant gets a key that opens a locker in silver city , n . m . , containing $2 million in cash .
this is one of those cases where the villain goes on such an endless diatribe about their machinations , scheming , and motivation , that you actually get bored listening and just want them all to get on with it .
in a surprisingly plausible setup , kevin is mistakenly accounted for , and the family heads off without him .
this remake of " la cage aux folles " features a gay couple pretending to be straight in order to pull the wool over the eyes of their son's future in-laws .
supposedly we're intended to choke up when one character decides not to return home at the end of this one ( totally different from the one-character-decides-not-to-return ending of " armageddon " ) , but i suspect most people will either be laughing or groaning .
first , the movie gives us an introductory premise .
and i hate to admit it ; i fell for it .
of course , everything that could go wrong does .
he plays the egyptologist who gets to prove his theory that that " somebody else " built the pyramids .
the first case given to him is a big test ; a " winless " case concerning a man who sacrifices animals in his basement .
your choice .
with each new feature , disney animation gets even better .
he has , as a great humanitarian gesture , trained and inspired some of his best students to go into the mountains and make the world a little better for the poor indios .
the premise is ridulous , but that is not why i didn't like this film .
one particularly striking m . o .
well , this time leder outdid herself , creating a film worse than that one .
it is a shame that such an excellent score is part of such a terrible film .
allie's research is based on the seti project ( search for extra terrestrial intelligence ) , in which she listens to radio emissions from other galaxies in the hope of finding one which would suggest intelligent manipulation .
their goal : attack a cruise ship , clean out the safe , then sink it using some illegally-acquired torpedoes .
now , before i continue to ferociously attack what's wrong with this film , i just want to point out that one of the reasons it fails so miserably is because it does have the potential to be an exciting thriller .
the movie is set in the year 2017 , " the worst year of my life , " pam says .
it was light , fluffy , tasty , and sparkling clean .
costing nearly $75 million , with special effects done by the illustrious ilm ( which is a huge shocker ) , and with a score composed by oscar-winner james horner ( titanic ) , one might have expected this to be more fun to witness and experience .
it's not brain food , but it succeeds at what it's meant to be .
yet , her life is a miserable waste of time .
when jack sends him on a routine delivery job , however , the old instincts kick in .
eat an ice cream mickey mouse on a stick !
it may be computer-animated , and it may have sappy music , but it's downright touching .
subplots appear and disappear .
the spirit is not only reflected in the period clothes and settings but also in the music , which , like the other recent period music film , grace of my heart , was expressly written for the film ; hanks himself had a hand in writing four of the tunes--but not the infectious title cut by adam schlesinger , which is guaranteed to stay in your head long after the end credits have rolled ( it's still playing in my mind as i write this ) .
the two soon find themselves in trouble and have to ditch their parasail onto the island where they do indeed get a better look at the dinosaurs than they had intended .
when claire finally comes face-to-face with our evil murderer ( robert downey jr . ) , it turns out his name is vivian , he's clairvoyant and he's got some major issues with mama , a la norman bates .
aliens is sort of the redefining moment of the science fiction genre , as alien was more of a suspense/horror film .
most of the film deals with richard's complex investigation as he tries to find the one-armed man who killed his wife .
the only problem : the novel wasn't very good .
internally , the catholics wage war against the protestants .
thanks to jeffrey kimball's polished , kinetic cinematography , wild things always looks great , and george s . clinton's score keeps it pulsing and throbbing .
can they complete this dangerous trek through the war torn countryside and avoid hostile troops gathering up muslims for concentration camps ?
but soon the movie gets confused and sidetracked by its own story , that is never resolved and ends with a very anticlimaxic epilogue .
character depth ?
bette midler and dennis farina play lilly and dan , actress and author , once married , now violently divorced , and back together one last time for their daughter molly's ( paula marshall ) wedding .
i know that is very sweeping statement , so i'll qualify it by adding that the andromeda strain is one of the few films made that genuinely deserve the label of " science fiction , " stories in which speculative science is at the core of the plot .
i can believe in the decency of the human heart , but stacey's character is far too accommodating .
rejecting her natural abilities , she has spent the rest of her entire career trying with little success to play against type .
the movie happens to be an mythical 'snuff movie' , where the girl featured in the film appears to get brutally slashed .
this latest incarnation from arrow will probably- -like the rescored " metropolis " a few years back--turn a silent film into more palpable entertainment for the latest generation of film freaks .
" let's have a really painful sexual reference for no reason right here -- make it really painful .
willis convinces us that he's a doctor , something he was unable to do as a horndog shrink in the overheated color of night .
some went insane before they died and two of them , a baby and an old wino , are miraculously still alive .
for as good a comic book as it is , " spawn " did not spawn a good movie .
kewl !
aside from a scant few zingers ( yeah , se ? or winces rules ! ) ,
when he arrives , he discovers that the ghetto where he grew up has gotten worse , thanks mainly to the crime boss wonie ( jamaican film veteran carl bradshaw ) , so named because his left hand has been amputated and replaced by a grasping hook ) .
( title ) . . .
outside of that chuckle , unfortunately , tracks of a killer will just bore you as the obvious plot is drawn out ad infinitum and the actors , for some reason , become increasing obnoxious .
this shot is unique because it is a point-of-view shot where the audience , not a character in the film is the subject .
in " the astronaut's wife , " charlize theron plays a young woman with a nervous demeanor , pixie-hairdo and demon spawn unwittingly growing in her belly .
i don't know if this film went into production after boogie nights was released , but christopher has managed to plagiarize paul thomas anderson's brilliant work in every possible way , from the framework of the plot down to the style of the cinematography .
she inhabits the role of sethe so convincingly it is hard to believe this is the same woman who shines brightly on a tv talk show .
home fries tells the tale of the relationship between sally and dorian ( played by luke wilson ) , a helicopter pilot who has a different kind of connection with sally . . . more
although few pseudoerotic scenes and some elements of the plot do indeed make this film an erotic thriller , drama would probably be more appropriate genre label .
although gibson continues to shed his rough and gritty anti-hero skin as his career progresses , here he explores a new genre : the businessman as action hero .
production values are low and audiences seem to like the film mostly for derisive laughter .
she stands 5'8 " .
as it stands , ace ventura isn't even good kid's stuff .
sounds pretty intriguing , eh ?
i have never really been all that fond of this actress but she shows a wonderful flair for comedy in this picture .
the first punch is a boulder that comes rolling down the hill next to the villa .
for her part , marianne is so obsessed with having a baby that she never attempts to interact with her husband on a human level .
cut to random guy with eye patch . . .
( admittedly , this device may only be of interest to a baseball fan like myself . )
ultimately , it's an unfortunate effort , for , while it isn't unbearable to sit through , it isn't a howl , either .
after a jailbreak , the killer puts on big sunglasses , wears a half-buttoned jacket , and uses his fatal charm to go after valerie .
the background music keeps you in a state of urgency , and even suspense , for the first few conversations .
what sort of pies ?
the computer-generated images of gigantic waves crashing against a helpless boat are thunderously real .
kaufman left room for female talents to excel too - barbara hershey , pamela reed , veronica cartwright and mary jo deschanel are great as pilots' wives .
script and the usually reliable paul verhoeven directed .
we see him crawling away after a shock .
every member of its potential audience would find part of himself or herself in this film , because fellini in this film clearly illustrates natural human desire to paint past in the best way possible .
with only a few creative and genuinely tense scenes and fabulous c . g . i
the new home in alabama is pretty run-down and depressing and sets carly off on a violent tantrum .
as a protestant , she is the last person any of the catholic royalty would want to be queen .
* * * the following review contains spoilers * * *
another plus is gretchen mol's realistic performance , creating her character with depth , not just staying in the one-dimensional phase .
students of computer animation may be fascinated with the technology behind " final fantasy : the spirits within , " but i found it sub-par across the board .
it helps that cinematographer matthieu poirot-delpech's crisp lensing compliments the story perfectly as felix moves across the french countryside .
even the usually irritating alan cumming has some nice moments ? a virtual cloud-backed chat between his character and juni is one of the best segments in the film .
always has ( " halloween , " " escape from new york , " " the thing " ) and , by the looks of it ( " they live , " " escape from l . a . , " " vampires " ) , always will .
soon simon is sadly beaten by thieveing burglars , and ray ( cuba gooding , jr . ) , simon's agent , takes the dog , verdell , to melvin , so that melvin can dogsit him .
this score has a choral back up at times and even lends itself to the old style of ennio morricone scoring .
although twentieth century fox and new line cinema have spawned subsidiaries which specialize in independant or controversial motion pictures ( fox searchlight and fine line respectively ) , it's obvious there's no significant movement underway to promote inventive ideas at the theater .
high fidelity is a cheerful , old fashioned comedy with a voluminous soundtrack and as many laughs .
tobey maguire is well cast yet again as an inherently good man who is seeking answers to life's questions . . .
once labeled the " ice queen , " nicole kidman melts that characterization with a sizzling , yet tender , performance .
park and lord milk the incongruity for all it's worth : the characters treat their situation as if it were dead serious , and to them , it is .
.
it could be one of two that i hadn't seen before , both powerful .
why would you want more of it now that your english grade doesn't count on it ?
this movie was based off of a series of never ending sequels to a game called street fighter 2 . it has all the characters from the game in a reasonable plot .
i haven't decided what to make of director simon west yet .
realizing he can't just keep the giant in a barn all the time , and that the giant needs food , he takes him to a junkyard owned by dean ( harry connick jr . ) , an eccentric artist who assembles sculptures out of scrap iron in his spare time .
the supporting cast are fine , and not even the comedy sidekick ( this time in the form of a taxi driver ) is annoying .
keanu reeves stars as shane falco , a has-been football college player looking for redemption .
the story owes us a better understanding of franciosa's mind , his concealed madness and his sudden murderous rampage .
it's very funny .
left for dead after a test battle with the best of the new killers , caine 607 ( jason scott lee ) , he's unceremoniously dumped as trash on arcadia 234 , a garbage world .
the computer-generated sequences are often and plenty , and the problem is that they look too computer-generated .
the series' trademark references to other horror films have become trite and obvious .
renowned hong kong action director tsui hark first teamed with jean-claude van damme on the action star's 1997 pairing with dennis rodman , _double_team_ , and managed to make what initially appeared to be a disaster into a slick , stylish , and somewhat diverting action timekiller .
take for example the film's framing device of an old lady and her dog .
with `the phantom menace' being the first chapter of a long saga , one would assume the basic groundwork would be laid , including the history behind all the major factors of the series , especially `the force' and the jedi knights .
the historical spartacus at one point moved from liberating slaves to sacking roman cities ; the film spartacus , like braveheart , has high production values and competent performaces and is dragged down by an awful screenplay .
lines that hearken back to the original movie are sprinkled throughout : the first words spoken by an ape to davidson as the astronaut is regaining consciousness and grabs the simian's foot to try righting himself are : " take your stinking hand off of me , you damned , dirty human . "
it's more discerning to learn that chris weitz and paul weitz , the team behind one of the funniest films of the last decade , american pie , have their names stamped to this trash .
the camera zooms in incredibly close .
and if there wasn't anything more to the movie than this , it would be a second-rate heist comedy at best , enlivened by great actors -- like sneakers goes to washington .
unlike the earlier , similar documentary startup . com , which chronicled the rise and fall of another dot-com , govworks , e-dreams focuses both on its original founders , especially park , and on the common folks that ran the day-to-day operations .
if we must be exposed to the evils of the vegas world , why couldn't verhoeven have also made a point of highlighting the whispers , grunts , and other sounds during the dance numbers ?
the beginning of the film shows test pilots living in the middle of desert , as virtual unknowns , far away from strict rules and discipline .
not to get too technical or spoil the plot for the 6 people in the world who haven't seen this movie , but a basically-big-roach-type-bug lands in a redneck farmer's yard , inhabits his body , and attempts to destroy the entire universe .
unfortunately , said son , a reckless idiot who faints at the very worst times , kills his father and loses an arm during a racing accident .
like i said , it's not exactly a linear storyline .
since biblical times rains of frogs have been interpreted as signs of displeasure of the gods .
jawbreaker is obviously attempting to be the heathers of its generation , and failing miserably , i might add .
to put it bluntly , while i enjoyed watching this film , it didn't " do much " for me .
admittedly , there is one nifty chase sequence , but this is related to a tangential and needless plot ( carter's vegas ties send thugs to retrieve him ) .
and it works as an action film , where it does have a tendency to occasionally go all-out .
thankfully , the clips of travolta dressed up in goofy outfits , dancing as the weatherman were left in the film's trailer , and not in this final cut .
the animators have nimbly mixed both flat and spatial effects , and the 2d/3d combination is something that artists from disney and fox have heretofore struggled with .
in making the prince of egypt , dreamworks has strayed from all of these hallmarks and created a genuinely unique product .
but the computerized spooketeria rarely feels real , placing an emotional wall between audience and screen .
it is for this film that he will be remembered , while all his other failures will be forgotten .
most movies with a scene this long would have panicked and had the german crew speaking english right away .
there is talk of a fifth batman movie .
everyone else falls in love .
like so many thrillers these days , including " the usual suspects " and " the game , " " wild things " eschews character for plot .
he winds up breaking his cover eventually , setting off valentine's head of security and valentine himself , who decides to run for it .
in the meantime don knows just how to get under everybody's skin .
and those expecting a hearty laugh or two will find it difficult even to smirk during all of the headache-inducing hi-jinks .
the negotiator is actually dedicated to walsh , and while inspector niebaum may not have been his best role , it certainly characterizes the type of character for which walsh had become most famous for playing .
it takes a lot of retrospect to fully appreciate it's art , but when you finally start seeing things in it that you didn't before , you start to grow even fonder of the characters and the story .
so you found this hinky little book and decided to make it a movie .
critique : despite this film not looking like a " tim burton movie " or its lead human character showing any signs of being a human being himself , i did find myself generally entertained throughout most of this film and do recommend it as fun , summer fare .
it is after the movie takes this dramatic turn that the movie's theme of family love becomes the strongest .
its four virgin heroes are jim ( biggs ) , a chronic masturbator , kev ( nicholas ) , who desperately wants to deflower his girlfriend ( reid ) , oz ( klein ) , a lacrosse player whose approach requires some fine tuning , and finch ( eddie kaye thomas ) , a germphobe ( his crass nickname is hilarious , but i won't spoil it here ) who pays a classmate to spread rumours about the size of his member .
dil navaz seeks solace from shanta , and asks in desperation that she marry him .
the next day , jakob tells the news to his closest friend , a volatile prize fighter named misha ( liev schreiber ) , who despite being sworn to secrecy passes the message along .
julia ( drew barrymore ) , who waitresses all the weddings in town , gives him a shoulder to cry on and an ear to talk to .
the music is meandering , except near the end .
more importantly , many of the themes from the musical carry on with this , as well as some filling-in-the-gaps reconnassaince work .
the climactic fight scene between ripley and the mother alien on the sulaco in aliens left behind one item , an egg .
they are all somehow losers of society that have been banished -- men that are used to killing and have not done anything else in their entire life .
i have exaggerated , though : there is one interesting character , and one terrific performance .
the worst thing about it is that it didn't have to be bad .
the little girl is also pretty good but unfortunately her character doesn't really do all that much .
america's involvement in this struggle comes seven years after the events of the movie take place .
or how about when sammy ( allen covert ) , robbie's chauffeur friend , shows up at a party wearing a michael jackson jacket and - get this - a single silver glove .
summary : lawrence woolsley ( john goodman ) brings his new horror film mant !
connor knows very well what dangerous deeds this guy is capable of , and yet never seems to think that mccabe will eventually get to and try to harm his son .
in his carry on debut , cope overdoes his role as spanner making him so annoying as to be unfunny .
a famous game designer , allegra geller ( a fine looking jennifer jason leigh ) , flees a demonstration of her latest game , existenz , after an assassination attempt .
there's no meat - no substance - that makes you want to love the characters as they are , not as they will be .
jeffries -- who is accused by several characters at different times of being paranoid although his actions never suggest it -- knows there is something more , and he makes it his personal mission to go against everything and everyone in order to protect simon .
a sikh is persecuted , hides , then flees .
it's a short sequence of stills--heather : 7 years ; ali : 40 years ; lisa : life imprisonment , for example--but it's infinitely more telling than the 110 minutes of rampant unpleasantness that precedes it .
is his offer of help to mallory an act of kindness , or of egotism ?
that is especially the case with jeff fahey , whose jack is so stupid that even the character played by fahey in lawnmower man looks like a genius in comparison .
" he's back , and it's about time . "
it also wrapped production two years ago and has been sitting on the shelves ever since .
if you think that they are supposed to be representative of every gay man in the world , you'll be outraged .
not that any of this is for a second scary or the least bit involving ; not only does this film start off with a chintzy bond-ian opening ( the destruction of the cruiser via a satellite transmission from mir ) , destroying any of the suspense in what could happen , but it also fails to bring us any interesting chracters .
the film fails in every other way , too .
high school guidance counselor sam lombardo ( matt dillon ) is well-liked in the town of blue bay , especially by pretty , popular kelly van ryan ( denise richards ) , whose family name is among the florida yachting enclave's most financially prominent .
she even comes complete with insignificant best friend .
instead of having her look like she's flying , the filmmakers wanted her to be " graceful " , so she poses a lot and does ballet-type maneuvers .
following elwood around is the lonely orphan buster ( j .
although many of those characters occasionally take the role of narrator , movie concentrates on its nominal protagonist , 14-year old boy titta ( played by bruno zanin ) and chronicles his sexual frustrations , obsession with local beauty queen named gradisca ( played by magali noel ) , problems in his lovingly dysfunctional family , as well as troubles his father ( played by armando brancia ) have with mussolini's fascist regime .
writer tim herlihy ( with uncredited assistance from carrie fisher ) keeps the story bubbling along to its predictable conclusion .
also turning up in a few key scenes is winona ryder as rina , the girl who admires lucas from afar .
if " analyze this " had been funny , the pacing and bad acting wouldn't have bothered me .
shue's character is eventually able to track down simon templar by putting the pieces ( the names of the catholic saints ) together , something no one else is able to do .
the performances are adequate if not fully acceptable .
if you , like me , were convinced by commercials that her voice was altered for some sort of plot twist where her body would be taken over by aliens , you're wrong !
award , as he's the one who gets to awkwardly cram the name of the movie into one of his lines early in the proceedings .
the performances are mediocre , except for lansbury's--she finds the right note for the prim , apple-cheeked granny , the wise and stern teller of cautionary tales .
so , instead of really getting to know a few of them , we are presented with quick glimpses into a single defining event in each of their lives .
she is totally ridiculous as rocque's manipulative and seductive cajun wife , coming across as devious as a mildly disgruntled au pair who's trying to get back at an employer who hasn't been giving her enough days off .
the alien is different from its predecessors this time around , and the swiftness of this alien is quite intense .
webber and rice sure chose bizarre topics for their musicals , but they always have a point for doing it .
we meet rose ( kate winslet ) , a young woman , who comes from an upper-class family .
kevin kline is miserable as gordon , failing to display even a smidgeon of care as he did in the 1985 western silverado .
thankfully , " toy story 2 " is a wonderful exception .
" pigs ! " screams mrs . nugent at the brady menagerie .
when he is prepared to execute his plan , he uses what he has learned to fake a stroke .
originally rated nc-17 for language .
it features extraordinary animation , which is one good thing i can say about this film .
now see how many elvis songs i've used to pun my way through this phony review below .
the remainder of the film consists of elliot's various fantasies that incorporate his personal desire to have enormous amounts of wealth , power , fame and allison's love .
derived from the lyrics of various beatles' songs , sgt .
an early fight between takeshi kaneshiro and yuen biao on the back of a horse is to be seen to be believed .
so she runs -- not just jogs , sprints -- in hopes that somehow , someway , she'll be able to obtain the money and save a life .
first of all , the cinematography was beautifully done , especially the outdoor scenes in the desert .
after being offered a take-it-or-leave-it deal by the district attorney , roman resolves to prove his innocence by walking into the office of internal affairs inspector niebaum ( j . t .
carpenter might like to think he's made a western here but it's a western without any real heroes , villains , or border conflicts .
one of the more amusing was , " captain of the enterprise . . . . . . james
there's a moment when phil utters the line , " insert laugh here " , which nearly sums up the entire meet the deedles experience .
and , amusingly , the highway is spotted with people in u-haul trucks .
[on a side note , gary sinise wins this week's " title ! "
his other friend nickolas , age 8 , said he'd give the movie * * * 1/2 , but that it was really silly .
he goes into depression , and drives around his neighbourhood until he arrives inside the usual 'ghetto' side of every american city .
we go to see jet li movies because we want to see jet li kicking a lot of ass from side to side , and this film delivers gangbusters on that front .
" very bad things , " is the most delightfully morbid film of the year , a movie that goes so far over the deep end with its outrageousness and violence that i couldn't help but be won over by the material .
because of how strong the screenplay , written by steve levitt , is in the way it deals with the main relationship , and because of the fabulous performances from kilmer and sorvino , the film's few problems can be swept over to the side .
at one point , will comments that a session with sean is turning into a " taster's choice moment . "
stoddard is immediately established as a philanderer , having just bedded a flaky cellist ( nastassja kinski ) .
but we never understand why her character makes such pathetically bad decisions . . . and
if one of his co-workers should happen to go postal and walk into the office with a bag full of handguns , he had best have his escape route clearly in mind .
the film boasts a superb ensemble .
after many of the jokes , the theater was so silent i could have heard a fly sneeze .
chad ( hill harper , beloved ) is a cute 17 year old mixed race ( african american and irish ) nephew , who's irish mother died .
second , the sex is just bad .
soon every sense of decency is forgotten .
the picture ultimately has a healthy , if obligatory , attitude towards safe sex-even at their most libidinous , american pie's protagonists first whip out a condom .
because the ghosts are somewhat alien in nature they should behave in some alien manner , but they essentially behave as human savages , in another lapse of imagination .
he was needed , but perhaps he should've been used more .
sam ( played by robert de niro ) is the modern equivalent of a ronin .
the picture does pick up towards the end , but by then it's too late .
cameron certainly knows how to make a good action film , but here he proves how he can create some truly horrific moments on screen .
be forewarned .
it seems he has a half-brother of sorts - not a real brother mind you , just the illegitimate child of his bluesman pseudo-father curtis ( cab calloway from the first film ) , who has also passed on .
the film's storyline is fairly straightforward -- young teen falls for handsome man , father disapproves and assigns hapless chaperone to his daughter , teen disobeys father and goes to desperate lengths to win her man -- except in this case , the chaperone is a crab , the teen is a young mermaid , and the object of her desire is a human prince .
tarzan and the lost city , the latest attempt to bring edgar rice burrough's legendary hero to the big screen , is one of the most inept and ill-timed of any tarzan adventure so far .
but it's done so stylishly , and of course arnie tones it down with a one liner , that's it excusable .
although the teen horror market had been given up for all-but-dead in recent years , the film shocked industry observers by scoring consistently high box office returns , eventually topping $100 million domestic and becoming one of the most successful films of its type in history , while delighting audiences by finally presenting a set of knowing slasher flick protagonists who were aware of the all the standard cliches associated with the genre .
z ( allen ) is a troubled ant , believing he was not made to be a worker .
even typically good actors are not immune to the bad acting bug .
in fairness , elizabeth berkley is certainly worth seeing in the buff .
unfortunately , this and the familiar theme music are the only worthwhile things about mission impossible , directed by brian depalma .
in the first few scenes , reeves anchors the film , but then slowly drifts into the background .
emmanuelle beart's personality is beautiful .
it does reward the patient viewer .
while the actors do an adequate job with their limited roles , the people are still flat .
ok , maybe " the astronaut's wife " deviates from " rosemary's baby " turf for its set-up , which finds our heroine terrorized not by satan's minions but her possessed husband ( johnny depp ) , a shuttle pilot whose mission mishap leaves him , um , a changed man .
ultra-nationalist militants loyal to radek and lead by ivan korshunov ( gary oldman ) hijack the plane threatening to kill a hostage every half hour until the general is released .
some of the supposed capabilities of the characters leads one to wonder what they are doing on a tug transporting cargo in the middle of the pacific , in a typhoon no less .
even his own parents don't care about him , and are disappointed they didn't have a " normal " son .
it also has violence , obviously .
d . l . hughley plays the shuckin'-and-jivin' vehicular side-kick , in a role that firmly sets emancipation back 20 years .
despite the hardcore nature of the film and the subsequent nc-17 rating ( there's also an r-rated version , but i wouldn't even go near that thing ) , anyone looking for a quick turn-on should just rent a regular porno .
only the extremely avid blues fans should attempt getting thru these two hours .
it just stops .
he handles the comedy scenes better than the sentimental ones ( he tends to pile on to much schmaltz ) but generally he's good .
no character gets his or her comeuppance and the ending leaves us almost right where we began .
not that any of us asked or ever even thought about seeing this 200+ pound woman in a black silk teddy .
lately , however , i have been asking them if they have even heard of gattaca .
juliette lewis , as romeo's girlfriend , is treated with the same cliche attitudes , although ms . lewis' portrayal certainly didn't improve it .
this movie is a perfect example of how not to make a sequel .
this is just one of the many examples of stupidity in mighty joe young , a film that fulfills every stereotype that comes with a special effects film .
the movie tells us that the setting is the year 2056 .
but did tsui know that his film is beyond ludicrous ?
it is not charming or entertaining in any way .
he employs the help of hutter ( gustav von wangenhein ) , a real estate salesman ( or something to that effect ) who has a nice home and even a fiancee named ellen ( greta schroeder ) .
will works whatever kind of job he can get .
although it's short on spectacle , lam's film leaves a better and more lasting impression , i think .
for example , there's a scene in which he barks at turner and her son because they came onto his island a day early .
remake reservoir dogs as a french art film and you're halfway to killing zoe , writer/director roger avary's slow-moving story of a failed bastille day bank robbery .
joel schumacher fills the screen with eye candy ; but the technicolor overkill merely emphasizes what a trifle the film really is .
gunfire ensues , and when it's all over , the detectives want to learn more about this freighter by questioning a chinatown crime lord .
words like " dopple " , " psychist " , " computech " , " cinema " , and " reconst " are apparently in common use .
now if we only can get ford to run for president .
zero effect is the kind of film that i'll buy for my collection -- smart , original films like this are rare as it is , but this one actually has a heart and a soul .
she adeptly blends them all together .
me , i alternated between the two .
but to find humor in the superficiality of models and actors is to shoot fish in a barrel .
although he begins to get somewhere when he sleeps with the foxy billie auster ( sela ward ) , an exec of sorts , he falls in lust with a soap star named julie black ( neve campbell ) , and thus the boring romance subplot that's all too not necessarily important to anything else in the film and never really becomes interesting at any point in the film .
( before i go further , i'd like to make a distinction that the denver post failed to make , and that is that characterizing african-americans as malt-liquor drinking o . j .
situations abound that defy logic only to arouse and/or amuse its core audience , adolescent boys .
to be honest , i think that early jackie chan movies are something of an acquired taste .
as a young chap , his ambition was to leave his hometown of bedford falls .
if you think about it the threat of nuclear annihilation seems hardly to be the backdrop for a comedy , but it works here .
the hero of this film , of course , is young anakin , but it was very hard for me to feel any kinship or identify with an eight-year-old boy .
the 1964 film stars peter sellers ( in three roles ) , george c . scott , sterling hayden , and slim pickens .
the " nosferatu " of the title is orlock ( max shreck ) , a strange , hermit-like count that , as the film opens , is looking for a new home to buy .
will they get back together ?
90 minutes into the 103 minute film , a man invites of the warriors " come with me , there is a woman who can help . "
lethal sea snakes attack goodman .
the dilemma of hating the ? heroes' as much as the ? villains' , makes one wish that the ? hand of god' would suddenly appear and blast both parties into oblivion .
the biggest surprise for me was not the chemistry between crowe and ryan , but that between crowe and david caruso .
but elwood isn't completely without family .
she even begins to develop an affection for a non-drinking evangelical , who sees the problems with dora , if not initially .
everyone is cheering back in greenleaf - that is until cameron tacks on those three calamitous words , " and he's gay . "
after throwing out constant one-liners ( " either god is in the salvage business or big foot just took my car . " ) ,
but that's just the problem : so anguished are these folk that sympathy wanes after a while , when a lot of sadness becomes too much .
a series of unpleasant , often hilarious catastrophes leaves little choice but for both members of this unlikely odd couple to fall for each other .
other critics liked this movie in part because of the '80s soundtrack .
a strange musical score , composed by michael nyman ( the piano ) and damon albarn , that often seems out of place , and in complete contrast to the image , somehow reflects the characters' twisted reactions on the world and their situation .
in fact , the music is the only thing that keeps this movie from being a complete failure in my mind .
`who framed roger rabbit' is a rare film .
i love animals , and instinct's prominent save the gorillas/live in harmony with nature theme is certainly something i could sympathize with .
at least in my theater it was difficult to make out the words with the quiet speaking , the heavy accents , and the cockney language .
the arrival ( 8/10 ) - battlefield earth ( 7/10 ) - godzilla ( 4/10 ) - instinct ( 6/10 ) - mission to mars ( 3/10 ) - pitch black ( 7/10 ) - ( 1968 ) planet of the apes ( 9/10 ) - sleepy hollow ( 8/10 )
this is also the basis for more of the now-famous tarantino dialogue .
her character , though , is hugely underwritten , one of the most wasted characters of the year .
accomplishes little and is nothing more than an inferior version of `the planet of the apes' .
sub-titles could have helped in the beginning of the movie , but toward the end , it became easier to understand .
however , i can't honestly say how it could have been done differently , and in any case the story comes through with enough raw emotional power that it is still a very good film , and thus i recommend it to anyone who can handle the disturbing imagery .
so these are exiles from krypton , which blew up right ?
" evolution " is so mind-numbingly tedious that it's difficult not to start cheering for the aliens .
you may be scarred for life after seeing this petrified piece of garbage , which is so disarmingly horrible that it may cause you to ponder it's hollywood existence .
the dog meets the garbage chute .
the major aim of test flights is to determine ability of manned aircraft to reach 1 mach speed and thus break the sound barrier .
this isn't really a bad thing , as the songs are very high-energy and catchy ( i found myself singing one to myself for most of the following day ) ; it's just different .
even the movie's more " serious " moments are played with a wink .
while smith's wise-cracks did fill in the gaps , it wasn't enough .
some scenes ( capone and the baseball bat , the train station ) have stuck in my mind for years and seeing them again will only make them more vivid .
the replacements offers none of this .
searching for a plot among the elements of wonder boys would be pointless , for it meanders through its running time , but that's part of its charm .
after two more murders haunt the residents of the quaint little town , constable ichabod crane ( johnny depp ) is sent in to investigate .
( stahl also seems to be the only person at schmooze parties doing drugs .
this curious event may lead truman to discover what the rest of the world already knows : that he is a prisoner on the world's biggest soundstage , that his wife , friends and relatives are all actors paid to interact with him , and that his life has , for over 10 , 000 days , been broadcast as the world's most popular television program .
one of the more poignant moments is when dorian accompanies sally to lamaze classes .
will he catch him ?
the comic turn by yuen wah , previously known as the mad vietnamese in samo hung's " eastern condors " , is a marvelous surprise .
one scene has adult-helfgott happily babbling in a car in the rain .
they gonna get all of that .
upon the completion of his monologue , the camera arrives on sutherland in such a fashion that you can only wonder how long alex proyas spent on cinematography .
this contrast is underlined with the beautifully edited sequence - while yeager conducts his final and most spectacular test flight in absolute obscurity , " mercury " astronauts receive fame and fortune , although some of them even before going in the space .
at some point , referencing becomes just a means to cover up a poverty of new ideas .
puh-lease .
appropriately enough heist opens with a very clever jewelry store job .
grudgingly , shrek sets out , joined in his quest by an unwanted companion , donkey ( murphy ) .
- an earthquake uncovers an 11-story tall gorilla in the himalayas .
those movies were probably as bad as lost in space , but at the time , they were manna from heaven .
phillippe plays ( check out this name ) sebastian valmont .
so it's hard to imagine that it can be stretched to 2 hours .
powerless to make changes , trapped in a boring situation with no hope of rescue , this is the stuff of nightmares whether we are asleep or awake .
* * * * * * minor plot spoilers in review * * * * * * * * * * * * no major spoilers are in review * * * * * *
or when colqhoun is quoting ben franklin , saying " eat to live .
the metropolis , described by one character as " casablanca without heroes " pulsates with life , underling the folly of the two foreigners playing dangerous games that could have a disastrous impact on a great many people .
the battle scene has ants melting in acid , and bugs being speared to death .
and because of the film's plot changing it's course , snipes is almost forgotten apart , and hardly features in the movie .
and maybe they'll get smart and bring back catwoman .
spice world is the feature film debut of the pre-fabricated pop band , the spice girls .
" jaws " is a rare film that grabs your attention before it shows you a single image on screen .
you can tell this just by watching the opening scene where casey becker ( drew barrymore ) is making popcorn , getting ready to watch a video , and some guy who sounds like a killer calls her up to play a game with her that involves horror movie triva that , if she gets it wrong , will get her and her boyfriend killed .
the littles try and find his parents and one day they show up on the doorstep wanting stuart back .
gary " gal " dove ( played by ray winstone ) has retired from a london career of crime and is living on a luxurious villa in spain .
david thewlis has a part as a drifting con-man .
add in a jealous fiance , and a not-so-nice law officer played by david warner , and you have a story that , well , gets a bit overplayed and oversappy .
lost in space luckily doesn't suffer in every single category that it could have .
there are long , thoughtful montages of dialogueless footage as two investigators make their way through slums and derelict housing in old quarters of tokyo , similar to sequences from _ghost in the shell_ .
alek spera is a wrong side of the tracks loser who arrives after reese's body has been discovered .
the characters here are more like real people with genuine problems , the story is absorbing , and the acting is top-notch .
it's a very good setup that promises more chills to come .
chris blackwell , founder of palm pictures , was also involved in the production of another jamaican box-office smash in 1981 entitled countryman , so i'd say he has a pretty good track record .
as i said , clooney is terrific , and he's matched by lopez .
oh sure , it's trite .
it's now or never , folks .
review by chris hill .
freeman is effective as always , though his performance nonetheless suffers because it seems at odds with where the movie wants to take it .
his name is max ( gheorghe muresan ) , and sam thinks he'd be a great movie star because of his size .
tracks of a killer itself completed the strikeout .
then he calls an associate to arrange for his own assassination .
my friend and i could not say a word to each other for quite a while after going through the `experience' of event horizon .
the film doesn't drag for a second of its 90 minute running time thanks to tight editing and the sure hand of little-known director terrance h . winkless .
i have lost something .
ultimately , malick has crafted a film that is a movie that enjoys looking through the treetops more than regarding the war that rages below them .
and which is better ?
" in dreams " might keep you awake at night , but not because of its creepy imagery , bizarre visual style or story about a clairvoyant madman who lures young girls to their untimely deaths .
a particularly effective one involves a wife and mother being tended to in her home by a doctor .
her joan is unbalanced , " inspiring " the troops merely by screaming stridently and waving her banner or sword over her head like a woman possessed .
sorvino , in addition , deserves better than this .
but the otherwise unsubstantial fabrications soon lead to a criminal trial when a low-class , marijuana smoking student by the name of suzie toller ( campbell ) comes forth with a near identical story , also involving her trusted guidance counselor .
it is , however , a perfectly natural , if somewhat unnerving , phenomenon .
sometimes , like many american tv movies , it creates drama where drama shouldn't be .
in l . a . confidential , and spencer played a police detective in cop land .
sort of a hole in your spine ( ok , exactly like a hole in your spine ) , a bioport allows you to plug the vaguely entrail-looking wires from the pod into you , allowing you to play the game .
that movie featured copious sex , a pair of real characters , and a powerful script .
i enthusiastically recommend the x-files , both for fans and non-fans .
again , there are faults , but , hey , everyone needs to get emotional sometimes .
todd mcfarlane himself executive produced this disappointing misfire and even appears in a cameo .
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " songcatcher " is an intelligent , extraordinary 8 , transported by the transcendent power of song .
there is no way to isolate any single component of this picture and proclaim , " yes , that's what makes this film great . "
already the cliches are piled on thick , and when it rains , it pours .
yes , another problem with the film is that there's no-one to root for .
now , i could go off on the mpaa's ruling that a trailer must contain " no homosexuality or lesbianism " and ask how that is defined , particularly in light of some of the things , both sexual and non-sexual , that i've watched straight people do in trailers .
appearances by musical legends such as aretha franklin , james brown , eric clapton , and a whole slew of others are the high points of the film , but they also confirm why these people are musicians and not actors .
does she just leave the toolbox at the door when no one answers ?
watch 'the killer' again and weep at the difference .
this movie closely resembles a james bond flick .
natalie portman is plagued by hideous costumes and a poor script , but she delivers a spunky performance .
the actors were superb , but then again it is highly doubtful that chimpanzees would have had difficulty acting the roles .
pamela originally doesn't take sides , giving some speech about she's only loyal to the money they pay her , but she changes her mind once the congressional bastards kill her blind brother , jack noseworthy of bon jovi " always " video fame .
unfortunately , even he's not enough to save this convoluted mess , as all the characters don't do much apart from occupying screen time .
not with john goodman , he didn't do much of anything , but with the brilliant actor joe morton , who can really sing .
and just two days before his release , too .
but he doesn't , so you get the sense that he's not only irresponsible , but also pretty dumb .
it feels like reality , like you're actually watching real people and not actors , and as a major pointer , has been shot on video .
what a waste of a talented cast !
the film they have made is a long way from great cinema , but it still is fun .
adventures , snakes , romance and mucho action ensues .
- part of this opaque allegory is a man saved from suicide who joins in the sexual hijinx .
franklin's only hope : james russell ( charlie sheen ) , an investigative reporter for the local news who's out to prove himself a worthy journalist .
l . i . e . stands for long island expressway , which slices through the strip malls and middle-class homes of suburbia .
this time , onegin finds her irresistable .
how about a fully digital future where nothing is real ?
most of these characters are either unemployed or work jobs that are apparently too menial to be worth mentioning .
the difference between 2001 and this one is simple : gattaca is more frightening .
( for one thing , deuce's dad is a men's room attendant ) .
it would be acceptable for high school seniors and older .
feeling minnesota is a film that made me feel violated , as though i had trusted writer-director steven baigelman to bring me a cool glass of water and instead he threw acid in my face .
-------------------------------------------------------------- directed by errol morris edited by karen schmeer and shondra merrill cinematography by robert richardson music by caleb sampson u . s . , 1997 --------------------------------------------------------------
christopher lloyd portrays henry , an obsessive-compulsive who requires that everything be neat , orderly , on schedule , and by the books .
here's a suggestion for the two boys : grow up !
there's plenty more to tear apart in this film .
wafflemovies . com is dedicated to finding those hidden gems that lie on the shelves .
we see most of the events through the stories of four teenagers and how life affects them .
he's spent his career copying others , most notably hitchcock .
with it's inherent camp factor , the star trek series doesn't seem well-equipped to deal with issues like this .
after their wedding , luis and julia retire for a glorious night of carefully choreographed lovemaking , with their bodies positioned to display her breasts and his bottom as erotically as possible .
life is a dream come true .
thank god : he might have run her over with a bulldozer .
amid the butt-jokes and double-takes , the script takes great pains to set-up an elaborate and rather funny " crying game " gag .
what a mistake .
that , it seems , is the last time jeff ( or anyone else ) sees her .
she is well known for her number one single " stay ( i missed you ) " and goofy glasses .
her reactions are far more realistic in this film , with her crying over the loss of the little child she risked her life saving in her previous encounter .
well , more like a falling star .
stiller gives a technically flawless performance : the film could double as a documentary on how to be a junkie .
and of course there's my favorite altman technique - the obligatory nude actress shot .
josie sees a lot of her former self in aldys , yet still abandons her to hang out with the popular girls .
jackson is funny as ever as ever ; in fact , his spirited line deliveries , especially when he first appears , are more than reminiscent of his work as jules in pulp fiction .
the sydney greenstreet character also happens to be around . . . as " the fat man " , the alternate aspect of the film's main villain , the novicorp chairman ( donald c . moore ) .
the acting isn't anything to write home about .
point b : tunney is now shagging troy and yerzy is unusually obsessed with the lava lamp thing .
he excels in double roles ( as in 'carry on- don't lose your head' ) and his performance as flasher and turpin is hilarious .
but again money convinces him to drop what he is doing and go .
where the first installment had chills , this one has sequences that are inappropriately , unintentionally funny .
there's not much to recommend in no looking back .
most of the film's leaden dialog is delivered with the emotive power of the automated time and temperature announcements .
and they even played r . e . m . 's
the story begins in hollywood in 1947 .
george clooney is an air force colonel with connections all over the world .
the thing i like about american beauty is that there is no sentimental music , no hospital scene nor any overly dramatic hokum .
unfortunately , godard also manages to pillage his photographic eye by randomly cutting to black numerous times within any given scene .
there are few exciting sequences , instead just a lot of people talking .
disney's a bug's life looks good , but i don't know if they will be able to best dreamworks' newest animated feature in terms of animation .
but rather than applaud the production , early reviews have dismissed it as an overblown " afterschool special . "
it's a poor attempt to win over the audience .
the keen wisdom of an elderly bank robber , the naive ambitions of a sexy hospital nurse , and a partnership that blossoms between the two are the fine components that make up a modest , little caper adventure entitled `where the money is . '
sir anthony hopkins is staggering and plays nixon with incredible honesty and understanding , creating a very emotional picture of the 37th american president .
obviously successful films need both skills .
an especially strong scene that gere and roberts do together takes place after edward foolishly tells one of his co-workers that vivian is actually a prostitute , and he then approaches her , making sexual advances .
" his future is clouded . "
if only someone could save him .
the major problem with entrapment is its script .
having a career as one of the industry's best cinematographers , bartkiwiak knows how to set up his shots , and " romeo must die " does look good .
and bruce willis never shows up to save the day .
the only quote the down periscope copy writers could dig up came from the prevue channel's jim ferguson .
i think what the filmmakers were trying to do is take the standard crime movie and throw in a little humour and levity .
for one thing , death-as-pitt falls in love with hopkins daughter , played by claire forlani .
there is not one convincing moment dedicated to seeing the characters laugh together or actually agree on something .
most of the jokes , usually care of smith , die on arrival .
despite being one of the freshest talents available , pinkett smith has often been relegated to playing thankless supporting parts ( a low down dirty shame , the nutty professor ) .
only once does any character utter something worthwhile , but by the time it happens you're so thoroughly bored you can easily miss it .
the fight scenes between jason scott lee and kurt russell seem laboured , slow and sluggish , and could have done with better choreography .
jazz has an idea for a local talk show ; it would feature women talking about sex and dating .
how convenient !
for the scenes in the concentration camp lack the horror , the pain , the unimaginable suffering of a schindler's list .
we learn that the answer is his father ( james coburn ) .
this was supposed to be the movie that didn't offend anyone , but it's offensive because it's terrible .
when the two families meet and mingle , the movie becomes a story of culture clash , or as one character puts it , " money versus values . "
in an attempt to steer this brilliant young mind in the right direction , an mit math professor ( stellan skarsgard ) taps his old college friend , community college psychologist sean mcguire ( robin williams ) , to counsel the abrasive , standoffish will and try to help him come to terms with his turbulent life .
martin vailwhere are you ?
the man in question is wade whitehouse ( nick nolte ) .
nor is it a hard-edged cynical look at the manner in which a morally-deprived , ethically challenged baby-boomer connives his sleazy way into the white house ( like primary colors -- and yes , i am a little disappointed in the way the last two elections turned out , thanks for asking ) .
stanley , though having served time in prison for hacking , is shown as a loving and caring father , forbidden by his ex to see his little girl .
it would be nice to see them on screen as well as hear them .
gene hackman is utterly wasted in a one-note , one-joke part that has him doing nothing but smoking , coughing and waxing rhapsodic about smoking and sex .
if these arbiters of public taste think kenneth branaugh's film of shakespeare's " comedy " much ado about nothing is comedy in any modern sense of the word , it's time to get a life .
i hate to compare this film to the truman show , but the fact is , i was ashamed to see this movie .
when howie reads big john a walt whitman poem , the moment feels a bit too precious .
the first involves the comeuppance of lomax as a big-city trial lawyer .
his ability to pay his way through law school on his gambling money ) , but other times they don't ( i . e .
laura linney ( congo ) and noah emmerich ( copland ) have the unfortunate task of playing truman's wife and best friend ; their sitcom-ish dialogue allow little room for any authentic character development .
this film is great , and its cult status is well deserved , but there are some minor flaws .
but lets face it , the movie is really about the dragon , and what an amazing creation he is .
there is an interesting portrait of studio 54 out there--two of them , in fact--but _54_ is not one of them .
today , war became a reality to me after seeing a screening of saving priivate ryan .
the supporting cast is one with little hollywood experience .
as expected , the odd couple of franklin and james do wind up friends at the end , which is another wasted element seeing as how they show no signs of becoming friends at any point along the way .
hunt is also good as waitress carol , and easily rises to the challenge of nicholson .
chabert is basically the only one to overdo it , sounding like a whiny munchkin on helium .
it's actually much worse .
just as a pan of grease flares up with kip clueless to how to quell it , big brother memphis calmly and efficiently throws some salt on it .
the lighting , cinematography and staging of the film are beautiful to watch .
aside from one flashback to when a man's young son died on the way to the doctor , i remained unmoved and passive about what was going on in the scenes , and more than once found my mind wandering .
it's pretty standard stuff , including the fact that the hotshot lawyer appears to be the only competent person on the planet who can do anything right in the courtroom .
clearly , most of the credit for doubtfire's success goes to robin williams .
the corridors on the ship are narrow , misty , and provide the kind of atmosphere that all scare-fests must have .
it's got a head start in this movie starring jamie lee curtis and another baldwin brother ( william this time ) in a story regarding a crew of a tugboat that comes across a deserted russian tech ship that has a strangeness to it when they kick the power back on .
with an impressive trio of feature films under his belt , it'll be interesting to see what he tries next .
but should the public embrace the film and , in turn , the notion of a kick-ass female , davis could have found her special niche .
mars has been mostly terraformed so that humans can walk on the surface without breathing gear ( which is good for the film's budget ) .
[r]
meanwhile , a young man named jack dawson ( leonardo dicaprio ) and his italian friend ( danny nucci ) win two 3rd class tickets aboard the titanic in a poker game .
but with finney at the wheel , so to speak , the film rolls smoothly over these plot points--just like the gorgeous leland double-decker bus in the story .
at most , i would say the beast-men looked just a bit more realistic than those apes in planet of the apes .
but even on it's own , u . s marshals is a pretty lousy movie .
jackie-o is temperamentally incapable of being nice .
in the italian american section of town a philandering husband named vinny ( john leguizamo ) tries to hide his trysts and sexual behavior from his long suffering newlywed wife dionna ( mira sorvino ) .
" hand cannon " , shooting at the two gangsters .
jonathan demme's _beloved_ , based on the book toni morrison , is a study in skillful literary adaptation .
see it twice .
finally , there is occasional commentary from bela lugosi as a sort of omniscient being who seems to inhabit a frankenstein-style laboratory , delivering pointless lines such as , " people .
imagine that and more .
well , as this movie shows us , they make good companions but pale in comparison to the joy and fulfillment romantic relationships can bring .
in molly's search for her parents , she somehow falls in love with lilly's paparazzo joey ( danny nucci ) .
" magnolia " is a clever , well thought out film from prodigy director-writer paul thomas anderson of " boogie nights " fame .
tomb raider .
but i suppose we all need to put food on the table .
something happens though during the film's final act that caused me to sharply drop the rating it was going to receive .
in aliens , it was the showdown between alien and ripley in a machine .
take , for starters , the great cast of characters .
dorian ( wilson ) and angus ( busey ) were getting even for his philandering ways on behalf of their anguished mother ( o'hara ) .
with a science fiction plot , cameron gives aliens added testosterone , pumping up the action and fire power from the original film .
the latter is the only explanation i can come up with for the absence of the thoroughly charming michelle trachtenberg for most of the movie .
with two charismatic characters such as these , it's hard to ignore that `where the money is' is where the fun is .
or how about pocahontas' amazing english speaking ability when this had supposedly been the first time she had seen white men ?
he explains that he likes devoting himself to others because then he doesn't focus on his own problems .
you know that expression that says always trust your gut instincts ?
while director steve miner has several horror films on his resume ( including two installments of " friday the 13th " and " halloween h20 " ) , screenwriter david kelley ( best known as the creator of tv series like " ally mcbeal " and " chicago hope " ) doesn't seem to have the stomach for a chomp 'em up flick .
as the player king , the leader of a troupe of traveling actors , he is absolutely breathtaking when narrating the story of priam and hecuba .
his character is initially so slimy , and giamatti himself just looks so shifty , that you expect to laugh before he even says anything .
i just didn't .
the special effects are truly bottom-of-the-barrel ( including some laughably bad men in ape costumes ? apparently , animatronics were too expensive for this production ) .
it's to note that this film was based on a real-life tale of a young man who used to sing in a judas priest cover band and then went on to become their actual singer ( their original singer also admitted to being gay , as in this film ) .
pullman's performance is much more layered than it might seem at first glance , and the occasional voice-over as he's going through the motions of his job are insightful and often hilarious .
although he only has five subscribers , he puts a large amount of time and effort into his work , and publishes his next edition .
the computer special effects makes for some brilliant scenes , such as unnerving moments involving flesh-eating scarab beetles and moments where the mummy goes after the people who freed him ( after all , those who took his artifacts are cursed ) .
* * = fair .
director jon turteltaub , who made the delightful john travolta vehicle phenomenon as well as the surprisingly above-par cool runnings decided to make this movie so shamelessly sentimental that , contrary to what this movie's promotion would have you believe , it has much more in common with patch adams than with the silence of the lambs .
he is the premise for bad boy bubby , a defiantly original australian movie about a man called bubby ( nicholas hope ) who has spent his entire life in an awful little apartment , etc . , etc . then one day his father ( ralph cotterill ) appears .
'nuff said .
the color scheme is nice .
this is clearly a racist society , evidenced by the aforementioned scene and others , and it will soon affect him and = his family .
a grand cast ( tomlin , alda , moore , ben stiller , patricia arquette , tea leoni , george segal ) interacts in a seamless parade of laughs .
just close your eyes and pretend you're listening to an alt-rock station ; you won't be missing anything .
the labute who birthed the extraordinary in the company of men , slipped a bit ( but not much ) with his sophomore effort , your friends and neighbors , then fell straight on his ass with bash , a play he penned that was recently aired on showtime .
the story of mulan takes place in ancient china at a time when the huns have invaded the nation .
there are probably too many characters .
oh well , no one ever said jackie chan movies had to make sense .
and the when we least expect it . . . whack ! ! !
one word of caution , though .
before we can begin analyzing the specific aspects of the film , many of the most general and most significant factors must be considered ( to get the specifics of the film , skip this and the next four paragraphs ) .
but as soon as kiefer sutherland began speaking the narrative monologue , describing " the strangers " and their reasons for contacting human beings , i was hooked .
meanwhile , back at the resort , frank is tempted himself by quinn's shapely female tagalong ( jacqueline obradors ) .
he insists that he leads a happy life on the ship , but to us he is dead .
you say , " laser beam weapons ?
in the movies , you end up with films like " spawn " , with a huge special-effects budget but not enough money to hire any recognizable actors .
i particularly recommend " spiritual kung fu " , " half a loaf of kung fu " , the " fearless hyena " movies , and " snake & crane arts of shaolin " .
* * * * amazing , potent stuff .
in fiction , one invents purposeful , clear-cut good guys and bad guys , puts the fictional characters in conflict , and takes the tale to its exciting conclusion .
the list of the problems with " battlefield earth " is endless .
let's just say that when one partner asks the other partner to strip to his boxer shorts and then further asks him to run out into the middle of the road , flapping his arms while feverishly cackling like a chicken just to create a distraction , his partner actually does it !
we need to develop fully persuaded mindsets and commitment levels in order to endure and persevere past the obstacles and distractions which lay between us and our stated objectives .
but the thing that held this movie back more than anything else was its lead character , his cold demeanor and the zero chemistry that he shared with either one of his inter-species love interests .
here's the kicker , though -- i suggest that you do so .
it's pretty good in it's own right , yes , but i would probably split the " best movie " honors among face/off , spawn , con air , and maybe event horizon .
we are introduced to jerome morrow ( ethan hawke ) , an employee of the gattaca space program .
with his crop of carrot-colored hair , ruddy complexion , and overall grubby appearance , francie brady is an unlikely hero , refusing to be done in by his alcoholic , trumpet-playing father , his depressive , suicidal mother , or the neighboring , bespectacled monster known as mrs . nugent ( fiona shaw ) .
there are heartbreaks and there are people falling in love .
corporate attorney rachel is given a case which is supposed to soften a hard heart we see no indication she has , while harry gets his comeuppance as part of seth's " false witness . "
as for hauer , he's an actor i've always admired .
included : two ( 2 ) scenes of two ( 2 ) different bad guys explaining their motives to the hero when they should be killing him ( one following the other no less ) .
don't expect the intensity of the matrix or existenz to come out of the thirteenth floor , just expect another film that messes with your mind for awhile , and shuts you down like any other movie would .
we learn about ambers grief about not being able to see her child due to a divorce , rollergirls hard time at school , and little bills wife , who sleeps with everyone except her husband .
there is the usual flirtatious banter between the two , but that is dispensed with quickly .
that night the power goes out , knocking out the alarm clocks , so the mcalisters wake up in a big hurry to get to the airport .
in this regard , l . i . e .
together they dance , while serenaded by the man in the moon ( alessandro safina provides the vocals ) , apparently transported from the classic georges m ? li ? s silent film to guard the nocturnal sky .
it is almost offensive .
* * the following review contains spoilers * *
the last thing the world needs is people praising a leader of a pointless cult .
i hate to burst your bubble , but after all the star power , mega bucks , screenwriters , directors , and cool trailers , men in black is not the best movie of the summer .
just what did he expect out of a dumb teenage rock n' roll movie like this ? "
screenwriter ehren kruger gave a remarkable first impression when he wrote the script for the underrated arlington rd .
one particular reporter is peter malloy ( tom selleck ) of " inside entertainment " , who unlike the collage of other reporters , wants to spend a whole week in the life of howard brackett , including coverage of his wedding .
mary , playing the straight role , is as sweet and caring as she is beautiful .
hard rains continuos corniness and lack of originality washes out whatever hope the script may have had ; and although its cast is somewhat appealing most of its stars act well below par .
sound confusing ?
-- but it wasn't until 1993 that we saw what a brilliant man he can be .
some people claim that the story is based on the legendary " all about eve " of all things !
but what the characters see on those screens ratchets up the tension with every turn of the screw .
once they realize the magnitude of their error in judgement , wayne and j . d . try everything they can , including threats and bribery , to get judith to free darren .
masterful .
who else's mind would be better to explore ?
and i don't like saying that either , since this film actually had some potential and started off pretty well .
in case i haven't yet made it clear enough , " knock off " is the worst movie of van damme's career and possibly the worst movie of the decade .
synopsis : in this movie , steven spielberg , one of today's finest directors , attempts to spice up the 1800s story of a long courtroom battle over the fate of prisoner cinque ( djimon hounsou ) - - a young angry man from sierra leone who was kidnapped into slavery - - and his fellow prisoners .
an honor student and star athlete , carlos is responsible , modest and focused as he works on securing a place in the naval academy .
taylor is thoroughly insufferable in her first big-budget lead .
whoo hoo , that helps , thanks a bunch , case closed .
mayhem follows them .
his performance of a over excitiable , yet also well mannered boy is excellent , and he also has some funny lines .
* * * * * perfection .
more surprises ?
i'd marry renee zellweger in a second ) .
: )
city of angels gives us more of the same , but less skillfully .
mr .
( worth noting in roberts' and grant's favour : the ubiquitous " i'm just a girl , standing across from a boy , asking him to love her " episode is not nearly so syrupy as it appears in clips , and it features some of the best emoting either actor has ever done . )
in her small fishing town she falls in love with a handsome macho latin waiter , toninho oliveira ( murilo ben ? cio ) and marries him .
now seeing the trailer it makes you think the whole entire movie is one big special effects show .
it's obvious that the camera loves her and she is very photogenic .
every dollar spent on a free-agent defensive tackle is one less dollar than you can spend on linebackers or safeties or centers .
the tragedy of it all .
instead , he turns out to be little more than a nuisance .
the crotch humor is outpaced only by the meanness of the movie's gags -- and with unsubtle sexual innuendo dripping from every scene , how this movie earned a pg-13 rating is a mystery to me .
then there's the tone of the movie .
and steve buscemi goes crazy and starts shooting at people ! !
he is befriended and aided by a spunky churchgoing young woman from town named karen ( minnie driver ) .
the movie is based on the true story of homer hickam ( jake gyllenhaal ) , a teenager in the 1950's company town of coalwood , west virginia .
melvin udall is a heartless man .
there is very little swearing or blood ; there is a strong moral message , saccharine though it is ; there is a bit of romance ( whose culmination after 2 hours is a " real " kiss -- no sex ) .
and schneider , here to provide comic relief i assume , is totally unfunny and over acts his way through every scene .
and when there were scattered giggles during the most dramatic moments .
chief of police rash ( devito ) likes broadway musicals and loves his daughter .
it has more intelligence in its telling than anything i've seen out of hollywood for months and i give it a b+ .
chosen from birth as a soldier , he is raised by the government to be a killing machine .
the same thing happens when you watch a horror movie or an action flick .
the action is fast and furious , and the chases ( in the street , in a toy store , in an elevator , on a baggage carousel , and in an airplane ) keep getting bigger and better .
going into the film , i didn't know she was even a part of it , but when terk started talking , i recognized her voice immediately .
i didn't realize how apt the name of this movie was until i called the mpaa ( the motion picture association of america - the folks who decide what's g , nc 17 , pg , r or x ) to ask why the preview was rated r . so that we can make some sense of their response , let me tell you about the movie itself .
he doesn't buy into the whole notion that just because everyone's going to die , he should immediately find some companionship .
but if dubya dubya iii tells you to go out and spend money to stimulate the economy , then you'd better do it ( because gassing up the minivan twice a week just isn't going to cut it ) .
i think i'd rather stare at a xeroxed envelope for two hours than try to figure out the tilt-o-whirl point of this loser film .
again , like most of camerons films , the editing is loose ( cameron edits himself ) , and the film could of come in under three hours with a few more cuts .
other things that bugged me about 8mm : one would be the music , if you can call it that .
affleck is such a puppy dog that it's impossible to believe he could survive in a harsh prison environment without becoming nearly everyone's bitch .
mother-in-law jokes prevail .
audiences' attention spans are rapidly decreasing and as is the trend with such films , this one opens with a fast-paced space battle which serves not only as the most interesting scene in the film ( probably because it has " star wars " written all over it ) , but as the producers' way of showing off their budget through the special effects .
glenn close as the determined but unsure vice-president is the picture of an executive forced into a position that she's not quite ready for .
both have one thing in common , a hatred of humans .
the film ( which opened in canada during 1992 but was never released in the united states ) is based on a 1988 stage play by canadian auteur robert lapage , and , while it's evident that this could be a fascinating live production , the translation to the screen is a creative disaster .
then , they're kissing in a bowling alley !
he takes no risk what so ever , and this is where he fails .
the plot , obviously , centers around computer hacking .
it would be hard to choose the best american political thriller .
one thing is for sure , however ; no one ever wants to experience the absolute hell that these soldiers are subjected to .
the power of the actors brings a lot of credibility to flat characters .
the timeframe for the film is in fact 1995 , but the atmosphere of jackie brown is decidedly retro .
in planes , trains and automobiles , there was real chemistry between steve martin and john candy .
cruz flirts with the computer .
deuce bigalow : male gigolo is available on dvd from touchstone home video ( a division of di$ney ) .
recap a few thousand years later , where a soldier named rick ( played by brandan fraser ) aids a young historian named evelyn ( played by rachel wiesz ) and her brother , jonathan ( played by john hannah ) in finding the book of amon ra , in the process inadvertently freeing the mummy .
here's an appropriate example .
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " mulholland drive " is a frenzied , frustrating 4 . originally designed as an episodic tv pilot , this surreal triumph of suspenseful style over substance is packaged as a puzzle with several of the key pieces left out .
i hope this goes to show you what i think of " bait " and why you can find out all you need to know about it without having to take a wild guess .
this is a controversial film , in that the women are unhappy and the male attitudes are to such an extreme patriarchal ones , that the film is bound to anger most viewers , no matter their belief .
if you don't want to waste your time , rent any of the other batman movies from blockbuster .
it's a nasty , guiltily enjoyable little scene that asks , " how corrupt are you ? " .
it tries , sometimes , but it rarely works .
however , that doesn't mean an end to the atrocious dubbing that has afflicted jackie's recent americanized releases .
a fully loaded entertainment review - website coming in july !
we can see her desperation , her utter need to be with her husband in the final hours .
( note i did not say it was one of my favorite movies , but one of my favorite to see . )
her character is slightly underdeveloped , but the story isn't about her .
[pg]
it's clear that " freddy got fingered " is at least partially autobiographical and green sure has one hell of a complex about his dad ( mom gets off easier when sonny boy advises her to go out and have sex with basketball players and greeks ) .
gibson again teams up with richard donner , as he did in the lethal weapon films and maverick , and this time around , the combination works even better .
oliver reed died during the filming of gladiator , and it's a huge loss to the acting world .
the only character who weakens the payoff is crystal's bride-to-be ( lisa kudrow ) .
the movie lights up with an aging senator visited by nsa deputy chief thomas reynolds ( jon voight ) .
lack of attention to detail certainly adds up in a film .
her " gift " leads to the arrest of a nasty wife beater who may or may not have killed the pretty rich girl found in the swamp on his property .
that's not bad .
the movie only gets more complex as it goes on , until it gets way , way too complex at its climax .
trek fans may be more forgiving , but , for the rest of us , the sluggish star trek generations is a mixed bag at best .
i know he'll probably cover arguments up by saying it isn't meant to be taken seriously but it is , because that's how big an ego bischoff has .
both actors deliver immensely likable performances , and their dynamic is manifest .
sandra purchases a used car and disguises herself in a red wig prior to stalking two of the film's duplicitous lovers .
a generation which has seen the internet prosper and where everyone wants to be a millionaire .
but racial and anti-semitic tensions are on the rise in italy , and guido has determined to do his best to shield his son from these harsh realities .
federico luppi is the good mexican actor who played the antique dealer torn by mysterious forces in cronos .
in many ways it gives you an illusion of having a life without consequences .
characters die , heads are lopped off , but they were only supporting roles anyway , so why should we care ?
rather than add to the themes of suburban ennui ( not that we needed another movie on that subject ) , these awkward subplots pad out the running time to adequate feature length .
but . . .
there are several reasons for this , but the paramount one is that rudolph seems to have muted some of the most strident , mannered aspects of his approach .
in spite of the provocative title , the story is cliched and overly familiar .
smart replied that she thought kidman's character came off as a dumb , vicious tramp and she thought that the publicity the new movie generates might just hurt her chances in her latest court appeal .
. . . unless you're a huge fan of the games and/or the first movie .
that is the principle that works for kingsley in sexy beast .
then there's willem dafoe , the villain , who desperately tries to look as frightening as frankenstein's monster .
the leader of the federation , an alien called viceroy , is following the orders of a strange , mythical character - an older human man whose face and body are covered and shadowed by the black robe and hood he wears .
complacency rules : it's been so long since we saw a mainstream american thriller that delivered juicy characters , real surprises and consistently sharp dialogue .
the film is overlong , the characters are cardboard , and the script is filled with some of the most laughable details in modern sci-fi history .
the first thing that todd sees after coming back to life is sandra ( connie nielsen ) , the woman just a little too beautiful to be living in such harsh conditions who is taking care of him .
the ingenue ( emily mortimer ) ?
shut up . )
even the usually solid paul sorvino gives a terribly over-the-top performance as . . .
against his better judgement , hank decides to go along with the idea of keeping it rather than going to the authorities .
it had excellent special effects .
and i guarantee you , it will wane .
not fast enough , though , to keep carl from sticking another woman ( tara subkoff ) in the cell or to catch him before he suffers a schizophrenic attack that leaves him in a coma .
a monkey could have solved this case within an hour but these guys ( headed by murder one's daniel benzali ) were just too clueless to forgive .
the psychlo look like overweight klingons in gear from " dune " .
since the personal dramas in earth mirror the political struggles of a nation , it is only right that those dramas should have no terminus .
the villain in " metro " is no more than a device , but he is a darn good villain nonetheless .
the only person it could possibly be is the lawyer ( or someone sent by the lawyer ) because no one knows welles is even investigating anything yet .
the idea--and perhaps the only real option--is to avoid war at all costs .
julie tries to convince her friends that the killer is on the island ( an eerie touch is when she is singing " i will survive " at the karaoke bar and the words scroll " i still know . . . " ) , but her friends chalk it up to paranoia .
" scream 3 " has three official websites that ( wink , wink ) pretend that the events of the movie are real and provide additional backstory information not covered in the movie .
she's a very bright person with a good heart .
don't take your children to class reunions .
he's not completely dramatic like the film promises , however .
through the course of the first hour or so , we see guido striving to get the attention of this " beautiful princess " , as he calls her .
neither actor had a great role , but their performances were watchable .
the story is interesting , but each scene goes too long .
despite his sometimes violent nature , readers couldn't help but feel sympathetic toward his plight as the spawn of the underworld .
the joker , brilliantly overplayed by jack nicholson , was at once charismatic and repellent .
the plot is incoherent and full of holes .
quaid chooses the 'secret agent on mars' memory , and then the s * * * really hits the fan .
( her single comic moment is also the best shot of the film : she bashfully reveals bare bumcheeks through the peek-a-boo flap of her pyjamas . )
to find out who the killer is , our intrepid investigators have to uncover what happened during maureen's missing years when she was a starlet appearing in low-budget horror films .
while the film itself occasionally wobbles around along with stahl , the writing ( adapted from stahl's autobiography by director david veloz ) is controlled and pointed .
characters who find themselves , more often than not , in carefully-constructed scenes like these .
the truman show is about a man ( jim carrey ) whose entire life has been engineered by a corporation and marketed to the public .
like tarantino , smith was a video-age sponge who became a sample-mad indie filmmaker .
well , imdb sums up hackers extremely well with the first goof listed : " generally ill-informed and ridiculous to the extreme regarding the capabilities of computers and technology " .
" fail-safe " clearly sees it as one of the central issues of the cold war , and , likewise , it becomes a central theme in the film .
there is another crash of lightning before lugosi returns , this time warning us , " beware .
it does border of the cartoonish sometimes , but that's just the film appealing to our inner child , which is the basic reason the entire saga exists and has become such a big part of our modern society .
instead of watching this film , however , i recommend reading koontz's book .
the studio knew they had a bomb , and purposely dumped it out when the fewest number of people would see it .
in a poignant scene , giosue ? comes out of hiding just as an american tank rolls into the compound .
when did all of the bad-ass , kicking butt and taking names , gun-toting , crazed , vengeful characters of the 1980's -- from such films as commando , cobra , predator , raw deal , first blood -- suddenly turn into innocent , compassionate , sensitive , teary-eyed knuckleheads .
hardly anything makes sense .
critique : there's a place in our world for " stupid comedies " .
when we see the actual crime we have no idea why gal was so important to its success .
it's been the long intermission between projects as well as the dizzying peak which pulp fiction reached which has made mr . tarantino's new feature film , jackie brown , one of the most anticipated films of the year , and his third feature film cements his reputation as the single most important new american filmmaker to emerge from the 1990s .
too bad the execution's all wrong , though , because the set-up of " desperate measures " boasts some rather enticing elements that deserve to be put to far better use .
his beliefs involving the law are shattered when he realizes that those he trusted are actually members of the other side .
his lightning quick inferences are as fascinating as many of sherlock's own .
the only problem with " slacker " is that it starts to run out of steam towards the end .
starring ben stiller , elizabeth hurley , maria bello , janeane garofalo screenplay by david veloz , based on the novel by jerry stahl directed by david veloz
before this movie , sinise played mostly " good guys , " first in of mice & men , then in forrest gump , and most recently , in apollo 13 .
director gus van sant ( drugstore cowboy , to die for ) culls genuine emotion from his actors , and this results in several affecting and powerful scenes .
it is an appropriate finish : giving us closure would have imparted , at least on an aesthetic level , a sense of resolution , of satisfaction .
guess who then shows up ?
zero takes the case , and the plot thickens .
one wouldn't think that two genuine movie stars , antonio banderas ( evita ) and rebecca de mornay ( hand that rocks the cradle ) , and the acerbic comic genius dennis miller ( " saturday night live " ) would be involved in such a celluloid backfire as this turkey .
or , maybe all career politicians are like that .
in fact , he doesn't like hearing about any of odin's triumphs , as they generally supersede his own .
and it's underdeveloped , and features an array of bland characters played by actors who think they're in this year's boogie nights .
rubell , the famous head of the studio acted as if he never stopped partying ever , and is an easy metaphor for the life and times of his creation , but the film , thanks to a surprisingly strong performance by myers , makes him out to be more than that .
( some wags have compared this to windows 95 . )
starring jason mewes , kevin smith , will ferrell , shannon elizabeth , seann william scott , chris rock , jason lee , ben affleck .
mark addy ( " the full monty " ) is sorely underutilized as cisco , wellington's fake english butler .
so , the good guys are awful .
director brian de palma has stroke gold with " untouchables " that became an instant american classic .
barrymore's josie geller , at 25 the youngest copy editor ever to be hired by the chicago sun-times , is assigned to go undercover and return to high school to do an expose on what today's teens are feeling and doing .
it's not bad , i gave it * * * .
a few creatures were added here and there , and even an entire deleted scene with han solo and jabba the hutt ( seen in return of the jedi ) was added to the film .
like scent of a woman , which was released around this time of the season five years ago , good will hunting is about the unlikely friendship that develops between a world-weary veteran and a cocky young man .
it is rated r for sexual situations and conversations , mature themes , violent overtones and some profanity .
it is a small film which delves in the harsh-reality of unemployment and the desperation it drives people to .
following in the foot steps of mtv's two other live action films , joe's apartment ( 1996 ) and dead man on campus ( 1998 ) , varsity blues is a bad film and is unlikely to cause much of a sensation in the marketplace .
" lost in space " is the latest such offering - a film so poor it would be twice as good if it were mediocre .
and depardieu . . .
her major film debut was the peacemaker , a pathetic and heartless action film .
however , his pacing is a bit off , with the action sequences only bookending the movie and not lasting long enough .
as ness grows , he begins to teach stone some valuable lessons that malone once taught him .
the audio track of _patlabor : the movie_ is in glorious hi-fi stereo , and should be used to demonstrate home theater systems--it _is_ that good .
the situation became intense upon her discovery of pictorial plans on building a form of transport which were embedded within the repeating sound emission .
dolores claiborne suffers from a very unsatisfying conclusion , and moves very slowly .
i knew it was going to be a bad print with only half-faces and poor sound quality , but i couldn't help myself . . .
but , the bad guy's are excellent .
although dead-bang is definitely dead , it is anything but a bang ; in fact , they should have called this one " dead bore . "
the most interesting thing about virus is that the title of the film does not refer to the clunky robotic animals that try to kill our heroes .
it is that kind of exhausting excess to which cage is responding with his detached performance .
the five interviewees are linked by their hungarian ancestry .
aside from the fact that it's a milestone in animation in movies ( it's the first film to combine real actors and cartoon characters , have them interact , and make it convincingly real ) and a great entertainment it's also quite an effective comedy/mystery .
where american history x had redemption for most of its characters , no such victories are in store for pariah's band of twisted souls .
what drags braveheart down is its screenplay .
and you got the feeling that these crass people couldn't act like this all the time .
what we don't know for sure is the history of the ruling of the galaxy , which is most likely much longer and more complex than any government we have had here on earth .
even the soundtrack is tired .
coulda thought of something a little more plausible than that , no ? ) .
harry claims to be a transplant from britain's renowned saville row , but osnard knows his secret : the tailor is an ex-con who served five years in prison after torching his uncle's shop in an insurance scam .
the production design is incredible , which also happened to snag a nomination from the academy .
over the next few minutes , as the barely double entendres and lingering cleavage shots grew more numerous , i realized that the mindset behind " heartbreakers " predated " three's company . "
john goodman also seems to be enjoying himself , although his role for most of the film is relegated to that of a burly sidekick .
i suppose i'm not extremely surprised that " virus " comes to us from a deciple of james cameron ( john bruno ) , and if i strain real hard , i could even say that it's an obvious given , particuarly looking from the standpoint of mr . cameron's early works .
hortense calls up cynthia , who initially breaks down in tears and refuses to see her .
when cynthia says near the end , this is the life , innit ? , you get the sense that , following the cynicism of his last film naked , leigh has rediscovered that life can be sweet after all , without comforting illusions .
surprisingly , the acting is not only above average for this genre , but some of the best .
however , mcgregor does struggle manfully to infuse this surprisingly small supporting role with a spark of genuine insight and humanity , and he does a good job .
after hundreds of years , we've finally figured that one out .
it's not even entirely clear that commandments is about seth .
on a horse ( boo ! ) .
_54_ focuses , for the most part , on a tight-knit trio of employees at the club : coat check girl/aspiring disco diva anita ( a wasted hayek ) ; her busboy husband , greg ( breckin meyer ) ; and , most prominently , the fresh-from-jersey shane o'shea ( phillippe ) , who enjoys a quick rise from busboy to head bartender .
these russians defected to the united states and moved into a black neighbourhood in new york ( where , i suppose , they thought they wouldn't be noticed ) .
so , anyway , grant finds out his girlfriend is pregnant and does his usual reaction ( fluttered eyelashes , nervous smiles ) .
no matter what they serve up , it is a guaranteed success as long as it's animated .
her boyfriend , michael ( jon bon jovi ) , is broke and in a dead end job .
our film's heroine , gabriela , played by angela jones , is a woman obssessively curious about murder and serial killers ; she even keeps a scrapbook of news articles .
but will he develop a conscience before the innocent max becomes disillusioned .
while the idea seems cliched , the way it is executed is not .
and of course , the kids or the dog ( at least one or the other ) will do something heroic .
the cause is probably complacency ; a studio sighs with relief when part 2 lives up to expectations and figures part 3 is a sure thing .
the former model's first major role is a winner .
he ends up falling for the preacher's daughter ( singer ) and showing the whole town what the magic of dance can do .
the script written by andrew marlowe has a few witty lines , but again the movie is all style and no substance and by the ending finale climax i was ready to go home .
joe eszterhas has written the screenplay , and he uses a device that he used before in the much better jagged edge : the killer's identity is kept a secret until the movie's final shot .
simply put , there is absolutely nothing new about this movie .
deceiver is a plot twist in search of a movie .
it could have lead up to something more , or at least an amusing conclusion .
the ghetto in question is , of course , whitechapel in 1888 london's east end .
after meeting his new commanding officer ( booth ) , hank sees an all too familiar pattern begin to repeat .
anyhow , stephen approaches david with an interesting proposition : he'll pay him to kill his lovely wife .
the audience deserves better -- but no refund , no re-admit pass , no free popcorn coupon , can ever restore to us the time we've spent or wash the awful images from our mind .
the storyline is silly and convoluted , but even at its most dense , it is easier to follow than either " mission : impossible " movie .
russell frankiln ( jackson ) visits aquatica ( a sea-bound research center ) , where a research is being conducted on the extraction of a hormone substance found uniquely within the shark brain that can cure and reverse the effects of alzheimer's disease .
it really seems very simple .
we care for them , laugh with them , cry with them ; we're concerned that the little boy will pick up cursing from his father .
even worse , the other workers in the lab are not exactly normal " people . "
berkley may have a future in hollywood because she can dance and she has a great body .
alicia - i love the girl but she's not particularly good in this film .
there are also some obvious dramatic contrivances involving big john's other boy toy ( walter masterson ) , jealous over the newbie .
still , even with the cia's involvement , the film falls a little short in terms of making this scenario believable .
apparently , the solution was found for the perfect man to play a drill instructor in the movies , because ermey depicts his character extremely well and will make you thank whomever that you were never subjected to such horrible situations .
my reasons for this are simple : 1 ) adam sandler is great .
hart bochner ( die hard ) is particularly fun as kara's love interest , a lovesick landscaper who is under a spell cast by selena ( although he is unfortunately part of one of the film's more ridiculous moments , when he has to be rescued from being tapped by some " menacing " bumper cars ) .
danny brown became a blues singer so he could keep his pimp's wardrobe .
what happens then is an enjoyable and often hilarious cat-and-mouse game with the fates - involving such items as mistaken identity , a graduate homage , john corbett as a freaky new age musician , and eugene levy as an irate and crazed salesman -- to find out if that " thing " was right after all .
he walks into the room and lauren holly swoons . . . yeah ,
maybe next time , lucas will hire lawrence kasdan to co-write the script , and the guy who directed " empire " will direct .
if you feel like renting a comedy , and you haven't seen this film , i definitely recommend you try this one out .
does this sound like a movie you want to see ?
the mistake of the distributors could be explained with the fact that the official poster of the film features men in space suits .
neve campbell , who most people relate to scream and scream 2 , plays blue bay outcast suzie toller .
but it's worth being reminded that drab interiors and a couple of working-class characters don't make for a guarantee of 'authenticity' , let alone a good film .
most of the characters in dead-bang are either atrociously acted , underdeveloped , superfluous , or all of the above .
with an action hero seeking revenge and a comic book villain ready to take him down , it's a lethal weapon for the colonial times .
trailing the success of brit humour in the movie industry with the likes of the semi-dramatic the commitments and the nearly slapstick a fish called wanda , the full monty is one film which delivered the depth of the former and the humour magnitude of the latter .
meanwhile , alfred's dying of the same disease mr . freeze's wife has ( but in an earlier state than she ) , and his niece , barbara ( alicia ) , comes all the way from oxford without an english accent to get him away from the butler trade , but soon ( well , not really soon , it takes her 2 hours ) becomes batgirl .
what is he doing wasting his talent in this and " the pest " ?
you heard right .
my rating ( out of 5 ) : no stars ! ! ! !
kit turns the offer down immediately , but bowfinger still has the intent to shoot the film .
when he's about 30ish and can play the piano like nobody's business , onboard comes another musician .
amazingly , on what would seemingly be a busy day of travel on one of the most flown routes , only about six other passengers are on the flight .
the opening sequence , contrived quite a bit , brings daryl and brooke ( the victim ) together .
it may be one of the most convincing transformations ever committed to film , making dustin hoffman's dorothy michaels look like milton berle .
set in the very near future ( though it was a somewhat farther away near future when the series was first conceived ) , this atypical giant robot anime features the characters , rather than the machinery , as the primary focus .
starring : jennifer tilly , voice of brad dourif , katherine heigl , nick stabile , john ritter
the authorities call a " wildfire alert , " summoning four scientists , all but one of them somewhat reluctant , to a super-secret underground germ warfare laboratory in nevada .
one example is a scene where people are fighting each other for the the last cans and boxes of food in a grocery store .
get it ?
i guess there wouldn't be much of a story if it didn't .
mulan is a treat , more powerful than hercules , with more heart than the hunchback of notre dame .
she is pretty , but bland , and not nearly expressive enough to come off like a person .
different story threads inform and comment on one another with the serene inscrutability of a kieslowski film , or a surrealist dream .
very little is done with this .
george lucas certainly followed that adage when crafting the original star wars trilogy .
he's not even very 'cute . '
i dunno who thought of casting him , but if they're reading this : news flash : eric roberts is * not * a star !
cox is basically reprising robocop , but he's still great in this , and he delivers the best line in the whole film near the end .
i hope he did , for the alternative is a frightening thought .
it is so full of self-parody and silly characters that you would almost believe you were watching a spoof .
this interaction between audience and performer continues throughout the film and becomes infectious to the audience .
this is one in a long line of movies from the 1980's that were thrown together to capitalize off the success of the friday the 13th , halloween and nightmare on elm street movies .
chaz palminteri and levy are pretty much wasted as heaven's ambassadors .
the task becomes even the more difficult when the family is deported to a concentration camp .
so several of the star trek members travel down to the planet of the ba'ku , where picard meets up and starts to fall in love with one of the inhabitants , a sultry , kind alien woman ( donna murphy ) , who is over six-hundred-years-old , but looks to only be in her thirties .
undeserving of such talent , " the astronaut's wife " manages to be derivative , dull and uninvolving despite its seemingly ripe potential for unintentional laughs .
but that's only because the film had already earned a poignancy without resorting to cheap tactics .
you apparently thought you needed a break from making " important films . "
obviously , the two of them are going to have plenty to talk about , and for the entire one hundred and twelve insufferable minutes of this movie , that's all they do : talk .
i kind of enjoyed happy gilmore and thought that it warranted a marginal recommendation , but his latest film , the waterboy is about as funny as a root canal .
opinions expressed are mine and not meant to reflect my employer's .
someone who is apparently intended to be the sinister " green dragon " ( but looks more like a klingon from the original star trek series ) appears to be orchestrating all this , though the film is far from clear on this point ( to put it kindly ) .
he's the always reliable butler , in case you didn't know , who has been with bruce all his life .
living in a world of heroin induced highs , they float along until they fall in love with each other .
the story for this film is completely ridiculous and has many elements from many cheapo low budget horror flicks .
the alien is laughable .
is not lesbianism as such , but the leaden way it's handled .
as much as it sounds like it , contact isn't merely a theology class rolled into a reel of film .
the special effects and outrageous camera angles * rule * " knock off " to the point where the audience doesn't have a clue as to what's happening any more .
kitty played well by rose mcgowan ha a story behind her , but we are not given a chance to know her .
how do ex-cons fresh out of the big house afford all this equipment ?
but jordan succeeds at what i consider the trickiest aspect of the film : he transcends the poor acting/music/effects and conveys a sense of the fantastic , of otherness .
governor ratcliffe , for instance , is a snobbish , single-minded bore whose mere appearance is supposed to bring about hisses .
this odd similarity between the two movies may best be explained by the studio that produced it , where " formula " isn't just business , it's a way of life .
kinski is bland and unmotivated .
" something is fishy in the state of universal . "
all of these events , thrown at you from minute one with roller coaster- like camera movements , at first become shocking , then inexplicably funny .
and yes , i did see mimic , which is something i'll touch on in a later review .
pullman and fonda seem to be plodding through the movie on auto-pilot .
then , one evening , his anonymity is shattered when professor lambeau ( stellan skarsgard ) catches him at work .
anyway , he is taken in by hana ( juliette binoche , the horseman on the roof ) , a boring war-torn nurse .
this brings the plot even more credibility as genetic engineering becomes more possible by every passing day .
weak and ineffectual , there is little life in his screen performance .
to obi-wan kenobi pleading for help .
the script offers little originality , and co-authors benton and richard russo seem unaware that what was original in 1948 is a clich ? in 1998 .
the magic and mystery of our fated encounter is also embodied in the quirkiness and freshness of the very funny and very romantic serendipity .
it may take at least two or three viewings to appreciate all the psychological themes at play .
society has stagnated under female control so that beyond some minor technological advances society has changed less in 175 years than we might expect it to change in ten .
complete with evil bully girls ( mean for no reason , of course ) and even a shower scene ( ! ) .
this led to the creation of the two special vehicle divisions , using patrol labors to fight labor crime .
following her adopted mother's funeral , hortense , a young black optometrist , sets out to find her birth mother , and is disturbed to find out that she is white .
but what we're given works well enough .
battlefield earth fails at achieving even one of these attributes .
when all of these bright stars come together , one would assume that the movie will have great potential to be entertaining .
along the way to it goal ( goal ? ) , the film manages to spoof mainly the james bond type films , but also manages to hit on films such as home alone and sister act .
he cannot make a sound nor allow the guards to see him .
wayne's greatest ambition is to become a night shift supervising foreman .
tarzan departs from the usual disney feature in that this one is not a musical .
alley is absolutely unwatchable , and the chemistry between her and allen is about as believable as my chemistry homework from tenth grade ( which , i inform you , was total b . s . ) .
it smashed u . s box office office records in it's opening weekend and will no doubt do the same here .
let them reflect attitude content .
and , with kasdan's undeniable talent at such a young age , all i can do is hope to see a lot more from him in the future .
it makes for a film with no surprises or nothing fresh to say , but if one has a sense a humor for what their lifestyle is about , then some of what they rap about might seem amusing .
it's impossible to resist chuckling ( and cringing ) at brooks as he and torn try to explain away his cowardly behavior on earth .
also arriving at the college is deputy dewey ( david arquette ) , who is there to act as a big brother to sidney during this latest round of tribulations .
the bottom line- let's hope this is the last of the " reality check " based movies for awhile .
it's possible that verhoeven was attempting to create an homage to the era of the original novel .
she's been assigned to show him how to operate the washer/dryer so he can clean his shirt .
but i had preserved a little spark of ope as i entered the theatre .
but that still does not make for a really good science fiction experience .
one of the most overlooked aspects of this film is the music , composed by cameron-regular james horner .
the biggest surprise in get carter is that the best job done in the film is by the versatile mickey rourke .
" turbulence " takes place at christmas time , yet the film was released a few days after the holidays .
but there's so much more that feels as if we've been there before .
he may not win any oscars , but he still ranks highly in my book .
other than that , stalked is just another redundant entry doomed to collect dust on video shelves and viewed after midnight on cable .
dancer ann miller who's stiff and self-conscious , speaking - like most lynch players - in staccato tones .
if these were answered , this film would be the greatest science fiction ever made .
monkey ! " )
the film benefits enormously from a fine central performance by franciosa .
as directed by chris weitz and paul weitz ( codirectors of " american pie " and costars of " chuck & buck " ) , the whole affair comes off as amateur hour .
the film itself is almost a reversal of the life of george bailey -- there isn't too much to it , but capra and the gang ( various screenwriters , composers , actors ) plumet the material to its fullest potential .
he was much more of a supporting character .
the result is every son's nightmare ? becoming like the father that one has always dreaded to be .
but then again , he practically is one and the film does everything to convey that sense - the look in his eyes , his slow movements , his intricate mannerisms - all combined with the classic noir cinematography of isolated brightness within the darkness of the underworld ( literally ) .
probably not .
hard rain is the case of a movie that gets progressively worse with every passing minute .
i thought the kids reaction were highly realistic .
well , not the two who sat directly behind me .
his wide eyed maniac of a character doesn't start out too bad . . . . but
there's no hope .
good surprises make movies fun to watch .
bobby bowfinger ( martin ) , a cheapskate and small-time hollywood producer , has always dreamed of making a successful motion picture but has never attained the proper tools to do so .
i noticed that the first half was very leisurely ( yet fascinating ) , but the second half whirls by at a quick pace , and ends much too quickly .
until mrs .
all the other bands , big names then and still today , got approximately 7 to 10 minutes of screen time .
the soundstage , we're told , is " only the second man-made structure visible from space . "
the scene had been snipped !
there are also a few scenes in which the killer suddenly appears behind the next victim in a situation such that ( s ) he clearly would have been seen moving in that direction .
both of these elements are completely lost along the way however , and never do reappear .
no attempt is made to flesh them out into actual people .
first grammer has to fix up the delapidated korean war ship the navy has given him , and that comes courtesy a sad sight gag montage that includes a guy with a mop knocking schneider overboard .
this is a film with a great deal of physical violence occurring just out of reach .
along with his brother , david , and friend jim abrahams , he was responsible for such hits as airplane !
blade runs up against the evil deacon frost ( stephen dorff ) a maverick in the vampire community .
there are moments when it becomes predictable -- such as the train tracks scene -- and there are moments when it sacrifices orginality for the need to come up with an emotional plot twist .
while being implanted a memory cap is triggered and the doctors realize that quaid's memory has previously been erased .
some may say - so what ?
for one , george is a good batman but unfortunately gets nothing to do .
we're supposed to root for her .
the story is about as contrived as contrived gets , and is full of holes .
the screenplay has him in romania so he can get fired , get in a car accident , and get saved by an enormous individual who stands almost eight feet tall .
there's room in the sandbox for both of you and if you farquaads can't play nice , then go to your rooms !
and both films are seen through the eyes of one narrator , who eventually realizes that these men have to be stopped .
it's all too obvious that helen slater is hooked to wires .
this is the kind of romance that only giggly 12-year old girls will find convincing .
having said that , the special effects in this movie were amazing , and the overall look and feel were also way above average .
but the film starts off light and airy , like a sitcom .
having the time of their lives , they then jump into the middle of a burning forest .
he and the girl build an uninvolving , generic relationship that never goes anywhere and is as irrelevant at the end as it was in the beginning .
nora happens to be in the studio the next day when the dog man comes by and abby asks her for a big favor .
the supporting cast are o . k , but when it comes to performances , u . s marshals falls flat on it's face .
this means leaving the security of rio , traveling to the outskirts of brazil , where unpaved roads , religious devotees and the poverty-stricken become commonplace .
the story starts off at a gas station , where the " montague boys " meet the " capulet boys " and square off with one another .
the entire premise of star wars is amazing .
mk2 picks up almost immediately after the humans return victoriously from competition .
cameron has certainly made his best film to date .
this isn't a problem per se , but at times i didn't know quite how to take it .
she was radiant , charismatic , and effective in both .
again , it's to note that this movie is dumb and not for everyone , but my guess is that if you laughed at the trailer , you will likely enjoy many of the quips in the actual picture as well .
along the way , a series of chance encounters with various strangers teaches felix that family is not always made up of blood relations .
he also , as we are informed early , his own worst enemy .
the story is so full of holes that it falls apart within minutes of the opening credits .
the tahoe locations and production design by kelly mcgehee and christopher tandon provide a dual personality for the film , contrasting the calm , well off existence of the lake against the gambling city of reno .
she's been accused of having murdered an older man who was her lover .
regardless , the film works , thanks to exceptional performances from its lead players and a script determined to transcend stereotypes .
( amen . )
unfortunately , this fact was forgotten by the makers of the carrey comedy ace ventura : pet detective .
worse still is an almost total lack of action throughout the whole movie .
the horseman f/x are stylish and impressive , particularly in perfectly blended battle sequences involving actual actors .
everything in between those serpentine moments is filler -- a flash of a breast , a spatter of blood , and some of the most idiotic dialogue this side of a steven seagal movie .
no kidding : this film ranks among the most embarrassing two hours i have ever spent in a cinema in my 20 years of movie going .
i think michael keaton is the quintessential batman but val kilmer was too robotic and fake as batman in the last episode .
the film takes place in the late 19th century ( or early 20th - wasn't really sure ) , but its story could even be retold today in modern form , although it'd be kinda different ( a given ) .
it's not that i think exploitation is necessarily a good quality , but when you are talking about a dull turkey like this , the least that could have been done would be to fill it with a lot of mindless sex .
oddly enough , about the same time last year a similar film , grosse point blank , was released .
well , it's not .
unfortunately , the same cannot be said of the other incongruities .
for many people , procrastination isn't a problem to overcome , it's a high art .
anyway . willem dafoe ( very good but completely wasted ) also stars as the lawyer who is doomed to run afoul of madonna's sexuality .
she actually has a trickier role than clooney , as a woman who has to balance her emotions with her sense of duty .
here we are given great camera work , and some great scenes that are terrifically directed but sadly just don't work in this movie .
these characters are portrayed with such saddening realism that you can't help but love them , as pathetic as they really are .
the most memorable pieces of the film lie in its action scenes .
trust me , i did it my way and the heartbreak hotel of crappy movies that i'd seen so far this year is far behind me .
" 54 " belongs in the elite group of films known as " the big disappointments " : the films that attain so much hype and/or so much potential in its creation that they come off worse than they are when they are finally finished .
" memento " may be the year's best screenplay , and is certainly amongst the top theatrical attractions of 2001 .
it's a heart-warming romantic comedy about a gay man who doesn't die of aids or wind up alone at the end .
america has finally gotten what it's needed for years : a compassionate sincere president with impressive ethics and charisma .
and what's worse is that , except for a few moments near the not-so-stunning conclusion as the preposterous is replaced by the ludicrously preposterous , reindeer games never really gives us the satisfaction of being laughably bad .
ford is one of the few actors that could make us believe that the president of the united states could be an action hero .
motion pictures are filled with male bonding rituals ; how to make an american quilt presents a distinctly feminine alternative .
the things that made the audience laugh gave me glassy eyes , because what was happening to him , indeed what had been done to him his whole life was wrong .
wong as shang , mulan's commanding officer and later love interest , pat morita as the emperor and the veteran soon-tek oh as mulan's proud , but loving father .
instead , he forces his characters to jump through hoop after hoop , over drawbridge after drawbridge , hoping that the audience won't notice what's missing .
the sets are very well done , creating a futuristic sense , but not too futuristic as to alienate viewers .
i would suggest , however , one waits until this is on cable or television to see it .
and , much like mr . tarantino's screenwriting , mr . williamson's work is vaguely unconventional , incorporating both contemporary pop culture references and allusions to other films into the dialogue of his characters .
the film involves a mysterious briefcase , that several groups of terrorist want to get their hands on .
it also sports a new alien with 4 legs !
" live flesh " begins and ends with a live birth and the film's contradictions come almost as often as the contractions .
he has thought about his life and made rational decisions about what he wants .
for example , ( and we've seen this several times in the trailers ) , he is granted his wish , but finds out that he's a columbian drug lord and that allison , while married to him , has her eyes on someone else .
in the meantime , we're subjected to tedious glimpses of judah's compound , where bondage is the order of the day and hot wax is poured over naked bodies in s&m fantasies that would seem shy of the cutting edge even if they weren't distinctly secondhand .
i can't imagine anyone who would like to see this movie a second time .
the chemistry between the two of them is non-existent which makes some of the ending unconvincing .
let's hope hollywood gives her more to work with next time around .
but you=92ll ignore these problems as each minute of the movie builds on the previous one .
also popping up in the film is david suchet , playing a shifty looking detective .
the plan is to tie her to a bed and try to get some reasoning out of her .
they give him an opportunity to openly parody scream -- an act that he accomplishes with great panache .
which brings me to disturbing point number one .
i realize that you must be a star to play a major role in a batman film , but it would've been nice if they'd casted a star that had talent for the role .
the 2001 " planet of the apes " offers a different set of great scenes , much cooler looking monkeys , fine acting from wahlberg , bonham carter , paul giamatti and tim roth , and a not so good ending .
that is the only thing that prevents it from turning into total waste of time .
she doesn't want them to see kiss , if you hadn't figured that out already .
this is the sort of movie which leaves you holding your head in amazed disbelief , incredulous that it's being foisted upon the public .
( is a best trailer category at the oscars that far-fetched , after all ? )
conflict arises , but it's small stuff--an administrator from the bus company here , an outraged catholic pork butcher ( michael gambon ) there .
far too many of them end up re-hashing the original and adding very little .
in _never been kissed_ , she's josie grossie .
i laughed .
he thoroughly inhabits euphegenia doubtfire , and seems to relish the scenes in which he gets to play her as blunt and foul-mouthed .
it is a fascinating example of how of one artist's fervid imagination can transport an audience into an intoxicating fantasy world generally seen only in dreams .
hartman , continues on .
the dialogue in deceiver is as overcrafted as the plot .
that slows down the telling of stories much more than people realize .
i mean , come on .
* the special effects are generally better , except for the final fight scene between the emporer and liu kang in which both perform their " animalities . "
the trip continues , with kermit and fozzie meeting miss piggy , rowlf , gonzo , the electric mayhem band , and more muppets who all share the same wish : to make it to hollywood .
what's not so good about it :
it is a pleasant surprise to find that jakob the liar is a much grittier production than you might expect from a hollywood-ized holocaust , combining the weighty subject matter with dark humor in some effective ways .
he has the potential and the talent , but always seems to self-destruct at the crucial moment .
once his wb television sitcom the wayans bros . comes to an end , the genuinely funny marlon wayans has a promising big-screen future ahead of him .
even the lion hunts themselves are idiotic .
judy parfitt is fine as dolores' tyrannic socialite employer , vera donovan--it would have been interesting to see , say , meg foster in this role .
skip it altogether !
while he's adhered closely to the source material in a narrative sense , the setting has been relocated to los angeles and the lead character's now black .
but in the hands of park and his team , the stories felt fresh and inspired , and not the least bit contrived .
the happy ending seems particularly poorly tied on ( i cannot believe maugham's short story ended with sadie and our hero moving to australia ) ; the stills are expected to fill in a conclusion we've been waiting an hour and a half for .
life has become a routine of sunning himself and relaxing .
aliens is rightfully rated r for violence , gore , language , and terror .
how can we believe he's going to shoot a hostage , no matter if the hostage tried to kill him earlier ?
( " lake placid " manages to have it both ways-i'll let you discover how for yourself ) .
foremost was travolta's character , who declined to give us any reason to care for him once in the entire movie .
it's still an excellent irish story .
where's joblo coming from ?
fortunately , this doesn't distract from the seriousness of the rest of the film , but instead provides some nice breathers from the level of tension which gray manages to sustain throughout .
occasionally the hyper-real approach works , with cinematographer elliot davis creating a world of fantasy romance ; far more often , hughes refuses to let a scene be what it is , covering it with flourishes so thick you almost can't find what's underneath .
annie wilson ( cate blanchett ) is a recently widowed mother of three sons who makes her living giving psychic readings to the residents of her backwater southern hometown .
the wedding scenes , although criticized by many as being quite long , actually enhance even more the purpose of the first act .
it manages to convey everything worthy of the movie -- the noteworthy steadicam work , the exuberance of cage's performance as a thoroughly corrupt atlantic city policeman , the essential elements of the marginal plot .
the smallest problem is that culkin doesn't act very well .
dogs attack him , neighbors torment him , children bully him , and his co-workers ignore him .
neither does he make the climactic moment of victory a competition between the hero and some mean-spirited token rival .
supposedly this is a horrible thing ?
what a mess .
the problem we come to is that we've all seen this a few billion times before and this film doesn't break any new ground in the big-budget/hollywood/action genre .
god help us .
drew barrymore's accent tends to come and go ( luke wilson doesn't seem to have this problem ) .
1 ) be wary of french comedies .
it was anti-climactic and the dialogue wasn't very good .
all this anguish , pain , half-baked themes and putrid action scenes are invisible to leguizamo , who steals the show and derives joy from his character , which is basically a compilation of so-so one liners .
the inclusion of the battered wife subplot feels rather superfluous , but danes is as superb as always .
simon's poetry turns him into a local sensation , as it causes mute women to sing , high-school girls to swoon , and councilmen to rile against its " pornographic " content .
it's the start of many a related image .
when you consider that the other " part " of this film is geared as an action/adventure , i would say that this another negative sign .
sahara , who has acquired a new age spirituality from repeated viewing of the little mermaid , has an on-again , off-again relationship with joe's best friend , bob ( maxwell caulfield ) .
then . . . . it
it's hard to make a controversial movie and not preach , but kaye has found the right note for his material .
appearing at the right place at the wrong time , karen gets involved in foley's escape attempt and the subsequent manhunt to bring him in .
in this theatrical remake of the television series the saint , and its series sequel the return of the saint , val kilmer plays simon templar , an elusive thief who makes a living by stealing things from others for others .
thematically it does leave something to be desired ; it toys around with some intriguing ideas but does occasionally seem as if there is little substance behind all of the flash .
ben's wife elena ( joan allen ) suspects the affair , but doesn't say anything .
from plastic covered furniture to carefully coifed contestants , the images ring true from that era of rampant consumerism , of a generation that had gone through 15 years of depression and world war without " disposable income , " before the manifestation of its american dream .
in my opinion , dante's peak came out way ahead of its predecessor , both in time and in quality .
if you choose to watch " drunken master " , i really hope you enjoy it , and i hope it starts to open your eyes to the wonderful world of asian cinema that's out there .
jackson is taking helen home for the holidays so she can meet his mother , martha ( lange ) .
theo's assessment of the house ?
claire of the moon is such an impossibly serious and sober movie that i was waiting for someone to sneeze , just to break the ice .
the noisy cricket just plain sucked , no matter what anyone said .
france's most popular export besides brie has long since turned into a caricature of himself , and in " 102 dalmatians " the producers milk that realization for all it's worth--le pelt likes to refer to the furry little critters as " poopies , " par example ( and ad nauseum ) .
" after all , " he explains , " who reads government documents ? "
still , we can see that kevin's character grows , thanks to some good direction and editing .
alec who is an obnoxious grouse , someone whom it seems it would be impossible to live with , tries to do everything to stop his wife from having her book published--which only pushes her into the grasping arms of vanni .
and then there's billy bob thorton , who is proof that the independent film industry is vital to the life blood of hollywood .
well , the fire wasn't that bad , since , while the church was burning , looters apparently thought it was safe enough to break through all the priceless stained glass windows . "
poverty and crime rule most of china .
it is easy to perceive , in these squabbles , the trajectory which ends in mass violence and slaughter .
just as she makes it to the deck and picks up the bloody knife lying there , the coast guard arrives in response to a distress call her vanished husband sent .
i'll say first off i enjoyed 'volcano' much more than i did 'dantes peak' .
all this explained ( in flashback ) to some grand pooh-bah counsel by martian police official melanie ballard ( natasha henstridge , from the sub- " species " films ) , the only returnee on a silly-looking train .
a follow-up to disney's live-action " 101 dalmatians " that's better , more entertaining than the first ?
what exactly is this mess ?
because no one demanded it : david duchovny in a romantic comedy !
do i make your horny ?
the crew , who at first had been skeptical of rose's story , now are totally aborbed by her .
that was the problem that plagued these clones , not to mention the actual sequel : another 48 hours , a complete waste of film .
since it isn't , she tried ( and failed ) to act the part .
and both the cinematography , production design and art direction are very decent .
the problem is that there isn't much of a story even though it does .
after all , we all know how much tarantino loves that particular part of the human anatomy .
an acerbic , sing-song metered voice that evokes the startling imagery and language of anthony burgess' " a clockwork orange . "
yes , there are elements of ? fargo' here ( the snow and cold ) , although not as vivid in the blood and gore department .
williamson also does a handsome job of wasting some of the key supporting players , including the talented mckean and larry sanders' vet tambor .
when we see the actual crime we have no idea why gal was so important to its success .
we finally do see the accident , about three quarters into the film , which is a stunning visual effect .
i was almost positive , until i saw the credits , that the witches of eastwick was either produced by alexander salkind ( who has turned out the slop named superman ii and iii and supergirl ) , because of the big name actors in dopy stunts , or stephen spielberg , after the 18th vomit scene and the nicholson-blown-down-the-street stunt .
gaz manages to get the support from them and sure enough they managed to get a few other poor jobless blokes to join in their gag : to perform a strip-act at the local pub .
so , is this movie going to sink or swim this holiday ?
my advice to someone who hasn't seen it to to wait until it comes on video .
even more outrageous is eddie murphy as mushu , the diminutive guardian dragon sent to look after mulan .
he will punish the rest of the soon-to-be-marines for pyle's goof-ups , even after joker was assigned to help him out in the best way he can .
thirty years later , toho remade the classic film and once again took it to the american market by adding the same three things ( yes , including raymond burr ) and called it godzilla 1985 .
however , neither threat generates much suspense .
what separates stahl from the hundreds of other hollywood punk-junkies , it seems , is that stahl wrote a book about his idiocy .
the italian tunes playing throughout the soundtrack contribute to the fun .
then i'd truly be able to make an informed decision about how i spent my time .
the film also takes a leisurely pace in telling the boring story , which doesn't help .
it's a shame that his full talents were not used to full effect here .
just plain dumb .
dina meyer is appealing as the sacrificed girl .
if there's one thing i just can't stand , it's a film that oozes with sentimentality .
audiences , too , should know what they're getting themselves into with a bruckheimer production .
we don't get even a glimpse at the society that created the soldiers .
he can smell drugs hidden anywhere on a body , swim with the speed of a dolphin , and can run as fast as a cheetah .
i rate it an 8 on the 0 to 10 scale and a low +3 on the -4 to +4 scale .
and rob sweeney's photography of glacier national park is spectacular !
some people call it " original " or " artsy " or " abstract " .
and then there is royer-collard , a hypocrite who in truth is as sadistic as any of the marquis' motley creations .
one thing's for sure , though .
spy hard manages to steal almost every joke from the zucker brothers films , the most popular of which are airplane and the naked gun series .
he travels to paris to join the royal musketeers and find the man that killed his parents .
followed by two sequels : evil dead ii ( 1987 ) and army of darkness ( 1993 ) .
it's one dalmatian less , but 101% more satisfying .
in addition , `entertainment weekly' slam-dunked the film , condemning it as `the worst family film of the year . '
i personally enjoyed it for the most part , cracked up loudly during a couple of specific sequences and loved the derek zoolander character and the unrestrained whipping they released upon the fashion industry .
but when they're besieged by demented , zombie-like , body-snatching miners , they readily free the scowling ice cube since they need him for protection .
this breakdown of the dichotomy between the everyday and the extraordinary is likely as profound as anything you'll encounter in pop culture this year , and the visuals cry out for the big screen .
but sandler's philosophy seems to be , if it's a token gesture , why not make it a nice gesture ?
nicolas ' " snake eyes " ' cage plays private investigator tom welles who is hired by a wealthy philadelphia widow to determine whether a reel of film found in her late husband's safe documents a young girl's murder .
so , sebastian valmont and kathryn make a deal ( which is too explicit to state here ) .
but it isn't long before the entire movie downshifts into neutral , features more space walks than anything interesting on the cherry-colored planet , tries too hard to get us into the " pain " of some its characters and unsuccessfully tosses some romance into the mix .
the plot of the film begins in 1947 when few people heard of edwards air force base , major test site for experimental planes .
but his costuming for woody allen's " sleeper " was more interesting than this one ( and his costuming was cool - look for the nazi number ) .
however , the action in " tomb raider " shows little style or originality .
he's come a long way from talking butt cheeks in ace ventura .
also of lesser note is the supporting role by joan allen , and in viewing the entire cast works well together from start to finish .
in one scene , stretch scares off d-reper by getting chummy with a police officer ; another presents that old chestnut of the two mistakenly-suspected heroes in a public place watching a television news report of the crime which shows their pictures .
art ! " ) ,
, 0 ( -4 to +4 )
writer/director kris isacsson has simply given them material so weak not even seasoned pros could pull it off .
it's not a bad thing to update old stories .
the story begins , like in every superhero movie in this age , with a man living an idyllic life .
the reason i say it's not really sandler's best work is because it gets really sappy towards the end of a movie , showing some odd feelings that somehow didn't really belong in a sandler vehicle .
he operates a sophisticated military-style pt boat and every word that comes out of his mouth is awash in comical flippancy .
or . . . something .
carrey has made a very wise choice .
as any sociologist will attest , your childhood and the types of parents that you have will heavily influence your happiness as an adult .
deleted scenes ?
big time .
shaw has a little bit more to work with , since she has one touching scene in which she talks to francis in a time of despair , but is out of the picture just as we are beginning to know her .
not helping matters is the fact that kevin is having ideas about a possible affair with a sexy lawyer ( connie nielson ) also working with the firm .
it is a time when stately royal ceremonies are as commonplace as public burnings .
it was a very dark film , and the language was extremely harsh .
i sincerely hope the novel is better than the movie ( i no longer read anything by either michael crichton or john grisham ) , because if the finished motion picture product is anything to go by , it's hard to understand why the rights were optioned .
but not for long .
quinlan is o . k again , but again she can only pull off one expression , which is looking dorky .
the film is more masturbatory than bleak , with its main character intent on confounding us with his stupidity .
that's careless filmmaking , pure and simple .
girl toys with the idea of reforming her con-girl past , all the while avoiding the " other man , " a lover that keeps making her start these scams in the first place .
if snake eyes were a dog , you'd put it to sleep .
there are more than enough jolts to send your adrenalin pumping overtime .
anyway , i don't usually inscribe spoilers in my reviews but the stupidity of some of these characters is just too difficult to describe without validating it with solid idiotic proof ( and there was plenty to go around ) .
all the people in truman burbank's life are actors , and the anonymous townfolk paid extras .
if you're like me , just do what i'll do during future viewings ; turn the color all the way down on your television , hit mute , turn on some bach or mozart or whatever , dim the lights and prepare to view what is truly one of the greatest films ever made .
now if you really want to have a good time , check into this movie on the same night as its two sequels , rent a jug of iced coke , truckloads of nachos and salsa , an adventure hat and whip , and prepare to gag yourself into a world of action-movie heaven !
we're served with the premise that two equally deft negotiators are battling each other to resolve the conflict in the manner which will suit each of them best .
it reaches the breaking point when the older girl ( locane ) and a boy , the co's son ( o'donnell ) see her mother and the co making love in an abandoned shed .
charmed beyond repair , these two knuckleheads grab a sundae together at a caf ? called serendipity , talk about that irresponsible thing called fate and the avenues it leads people down , and spend a few hours at the local ice skating rink .
the plot is permeated with flashbacks , flash-forwards and what can only be described as random time-travel , without any evident purpose .
god bless america !
the finest actors working in films are those who can command the screen with a gaze : paul newman , ralph fiennes , anthony hopkins , morgan freeman .
now in all fairness , ensemble director pieces never really work out .
although nothing could have saved this film from the lowest depths of motion picture trash , at least if the film had centered on shepard , she might have been able to add a little spice to an otherwise rancid , low-budget teen comedy .
and , on top of that , he's a damn good trial lawyer .
giovanni ribisi gives an outstanding performance as the film's narrator , seth .
there's an 8 . 5-million settlement for a libel suit against kelly's mother ( theresa russell ) .
the subtle cinematography by conrad hall is wonderful , capturing the season in all of it's harsh beauty ( fall has never looked so inviting , yet depressing ) .
i love quentin and i suppose it's good he made " the man from hollywood " because it makes him seem more realistic and not some " god of cinema . "
meir is a talmudic scholar .
he could have cut a deal and gotten off , if he turned his boss over to the d . a . , but he figured he would never live if he did that .
when cameron drake is announced the winner , the excitement is heightened as he pays tribute to his high school english teacher , mr . brackett .
but when the kids get up to the movie to get the tickets , they learn the movie is rated r , which of course means that anyone under the age of 17 cannot get in without a parent or legal guardian .
the acting is amazing , with day-lewis and watson giving excellent performances and showing great chemistry .
the agent working on the case , cater preston ( sidney poitier - yes , that sidney poitier ) , working with a russian agent , valentina koslova ( diane venora - lady capulet from " romeo + juliet " ) , gives up early on and meets with an ex-ira man , declan mulqueen ( richard gere , putting up some tight competition between himself and brad pitt for worst fake irish accent of '97 ) who's in a massachusetts jail , but who has apparently seen the jackal , who has been eluding the law forever .
tim burton movies have great art direction and thin , clunky stories .
not a great one , but it is there .
overall rating= review by david wilcock
instead , they are all given code names off the color chart -- mr . white ( keitel ) , mr . pink ( buscemi ) , mr . orange ( roth ) , mr . blonde ( michael madsen ) , mr . brown ( tarantino ) and mr . peach ( tarantino's chin ) .
weaver soars above the rest in this film , but she is supposed to .
christopher walken played in many movies , yet very rarely we can see him in a leading role .
cinque sees the dispute with a clarity and simplicity that , again , contrasts with the technicalities and mechanics of the legal process and of the political squabbles .
that is what made the alien series so popular in the first place , and that is what will keep the series popular in any future installments .
mary gives her her blessing on only one condition : that elizabeth renounce her faith and uphold the teachings of catholicism across the land .
after a painful first strike , the guys hold auditions for teammates and add the bowler ( janeane garofalo ) , who carries her dead father's skull in her bowling ball ; invisible boy ( kel mitchell ) , who can only use his powers when no one is looking at him ; the spleen ( paul reubens ) , who blows devastating winds from his rear ; and the sphinx ( wes studi ) , a mysterious figure who will teach them to fight .
her performance was fine , but through the rest of the film i kept thinking , " that's no boy ape , that rosie o'donnell . "
actually , i'm fairly sure the experience of having my flesh torn and mutilated by barbed wire would have been more positive than watching this movie .
on tv , film clips advertise these movies as family-friendly hit comedies .
his finesse brings out elements which might otherwise be lost -- such as the relationships between homer and various mine workers , or the silent struggle between homer's mother and father .
but at times , things seem to get a bit muddled , and the writers appear to want to do too many things at once .
quick and easy review : i really enjoyed matinee .
there is no special ingredient on the menu for what is dished out , its the kind of stuff i've seen before and was made nauseous by its silly idea of love and what it thinks is funny .
that's right , burbank's life is being broadcast live to the american public , and seahaven and all it's inhabitants are inclosed in a massive sound stage .
anyway , yes , travolta has sold his soul to the hairy host of the netherworld .
it's almost depressing to think that music this moving doesn't get made much anymore .
the humor is spread too thin , and much of the plot is too obvious ( as is the acting ) .
laurence fishburne , his guide of sorts plays his character well as does keanu reeves .
frankly , it's a bore , a redundant and repetitive two hour and twenty minute film that doesn't entertain beyond its first half hour .
lilly's husband is a new-age flake who rambles about " emotional valet parking , " so we can write him off as irrelevant .
highlights include the amputation sequence ; the doctor's daughter , who has the hots for the son , tasting his urine for a diagnosis ; their tender kissing with a window between them ( while it's raining--you'd think a woman studying medicine would know better ) .
he's more senile than reagan on pot .
opinion : making a fictional movie is easier than making one about real life .
the performances in the film are all top notch , with fine turns by takeshi kaneshiro as ma wing jing and jessica hester and valerie chow .
there are many other scenes , especially in the first half , which are bright and loopy and funny and silly .
the camera can be a star of films .
with logic like that , this film might even think it pulled the wool over the viewer's eyes and got away with such a febrile explanation of the occult .
the games are amusing diversions , an easy way to work off stress and anger .
ungloriously at times too .
he is this movie and i was quite taken by his character pretty much the whole way through .
comments : when todd mcfarlane left marvel comics ( where he had made a name for himself as a first-rate comic book penciller on the " spider-man " titles ) to join the newly-formed , creator-owned image comics , a new comic book legend was born : spawn .
when a new one comes out , you don't hear anyone say " ugh , another submarine movie " like people tend to say " ugh , another boxing movie " .
there are funny asides to films such as " star wars " and " jurassic park , " among others , new takes on classic toys like barbie and rock 'em sock 'em robots , and appearances from other pixar efforts " a bug's life " and the 1997 short " geri 's game . "
peoples says that this is not a " blade runner " sequel , but a " sidequel " that takes place in the same universe .
the first of the film zooms by as the situation and players are introduced without any characterization or justification .
they offer wigand $12 , 000 just to interpret the data .
he will instead pursue the supernatural angle , becoming a kind of surrogate father to cole ( who lives with his single mother , lynn ( collette ) ) in the process .
the film takes place in our future , when earth has come under attack by some alien species that doesn't appear to have intelligence .
these films tend to be set in the chinese countryside in an indeterminate period sometime in the distant past , with fairly slow plots that often meander far afield and sometimes seem to exist only for the intention of stringing comedy and fight scenes together .
it suffers a fall-off once giles reaches new york , and the ending , with its none-too-subtle homosexual overtones , is a little too overbearing for the lighthearted material that precedes it .
then a convenient time storm sweeps him up wizard-of-oz-fashion and drops him on an alien planet .
" the 44 caliber killer has struck again . "
and the fact that an adult would put so much stock into trying to become tight with the vapid airheads who are supposedly south glen high school's most popular girls leads you to question her maturity and mental stability .
ironically , the parts of " batman and robin " that work are the ones showing the characters in street clothing , and most of those succeed because of george clooney as bruce wayne .
and , as we know , the movie was a smashing success at the box office .
but to me , the truman show was a touching , sad tale about the extents to which a corporation will go to exploit human life for the entertainment of others .
mercutio , who in shakespeare's novel was quite a stud , was portrayed as an afri-can-american cross-dresser whose violent na-ture , was a definite plus .
these are always accompanied by loud bursts of music .
the problem is , of course , that there aren't many good roles available for black women .
the combo of chan's flying feet and fists with tucker's fast mouth make a duet more endearing than riggs and murtaugh in the " lethal weapon " films .
every year , a couple films like this are released .
so _october sky_ , far from being merely a feel-good inspirational film , offers much food for thought .
dicaprio exhibits an infectious joy at being alive , and being on the titanic , that it's hard not to like him .
if she were paying any attention to skarsg ? rd , maybe she'd figure out that doing less can reveal so much more .
the film opens in a nightclub as an asian couple is necking .
on the brink of being thrown out , he lands himself in even more hot water when he falls for first grade teacher rosemary cross ( olivia williams ) and enlists the help of millionaire acquaintance herman blume ( the great bill murray ) to build an aquarium ( on rushmore's baseball field ) in her honour .
blade has spent his life hunting down and killing vampires as a sort of revenge for the fact that one of their kind killed his mother .
on the plus side of acting , we get to see the missing from main character action since the film masterpiece shine in 1995 actor , armin mueller-stahl .
that's right , thanks to this film ranking at number 3 for the year's worst , six films are now not seemingly as bad , and a smile like yours , previously inhabiting the number ten spot , now doesn't have to suffer the ridicule of making my bottom ten list .
( i'm not exactly on the edge of my seat for eddie murphy in the upcoming mulan . )
these little contrivances , however , do not hold a candle to the overall effect of the work .
i wouldn't recommend it for the little kids , but i'm sure even young teens would make it through this movie okay .
these days , it's usually a bellowing fanfare that threatens to smother every scene in its path .
there are scenes when the camera lingers on fred's blank expression as he drifts uncomfortably down a hallway , or on his pained face in his prison cell while the haunting strains of this mortal coil's " song to the siren " can be heard faintly in the background ; nothing is technically " happening " in these scenes , yet they present a vivid picture of a man losing his grip just as effective as , if not more so than , the hysterical screaming found in most movie presentations of insanity .
it is a movie for all ages .
julia's portrayal of bogart is passable , and avoids becoming the " schweethaat " -spouting parody seen in cartoons .
also , its commendable to see genders reversed in the film , whereas the women have all the power and the men are merely objects and tools .
when we don't even have the luxury of giving a damn about anyone in the movie , who cares what happens in it ?
and realizes that her husband is still alive .
or peter o'toole in " caligula . "
she actually looks scared during her one love scene .
( he was also awarded an oscar , so i guess that would be a grand exception ) .
not that it wasn't interesting for technical reasons ; this is stop-animation that is very well done .
i mean , they should be lending their talents to some loftier purpose , but they do extremely well with what they are given here .
for the former , you need look no further than director tom tykwer's incredible german thriller run lola run , a movie that may make some viewers need a cooling off period afterwards .
there are some attempts at " characterization , " but all that means is that nick has a shady past involving a drug addiction , which puts kaela on edge , yerzy and danika have a relationship that requires them to make kissy-faces at each other every five minutes , and benj ( apparently gay ) is in love with the computer ( apparently female ) .
the result is a gripping thriller that , while falling short of classic cinema , deserves its place in the altman canon .
kilmer is the driving force behind the coyotes' twenty-two conference championships and two state titles in thirty years ; this year he plans to make it twenty-three .
because when it comes to visuals and set pieces , argento is one of the most exciting filmmakers in the world .
finally , they meet nadia ( joanna pacula ) who explains their situation : a computer virus has taken over the ship !
he shoots the spotlight out so that mccabe can continue his flight .
she can express so much with one lift of her eyebrow .
these people are able to share a rush between two completely different entities , and the film , which doesn't exactly pain them in a negative light , is sucessful in bringing them to light , even if it leaves the viewer unnerved and generally freaked out .
just what we need as bloomington struggles out of the endless long cold night .
rush seems to be making a downward spiral in the movie industry , a spiral reminiscent of ben ( ghandi , schindler's list ) kingsley's ridiculous appearance in the camp sci-fi classic species .
some concepts seem patently hopeless from the beginning , a live-action version of mr .
directed by john mcnaughton ( " henry : portrait of a serial killer " ) , " wild things " follows sam lombardo ( matt dillon ) , a hunkish , suburban florida high school teacher who's the dream of every spruced up female in the community .
there isn't one thing about this mother-daughter relationship melodrama that felt honest .
after a snub at the oscars last year , stallone is proving himself as the serious ( or comedic , as illustrated here ) actor that he is .
ooooh , thanks , mr . fleder . . . i
the andromeda strain is the greatest science fiction film ever made .
it's worse than that .
much of what distinguishes heist is mamet's dialog .
'contact' shows why jodie foster is one of our best actresses .
the writers took a few creative liberties , and most do not damage the story in any way .
in keeping with last year's desaster movie tradition a dog is miraculously saved from certain death .
she can hypotheitically act , we all saw that in " clueless , " but her lines kinda sound weird .
so here comes species ii , with a new creative team ( director peter medak and screenwriter chris brancato step in for roger donaldson and dennis feldman , respectively ) that fails to improve the series one iota -- like its predecessor , species ii fails to capitalize on a potentially promising kernel and instead runs the gamut from ridiculously silly to unmitigatedly stupid .
her scenes with valerie's mother , played by mary frann , are a joke .
his past roles were the great ones but they were also a precursor to the maturing that would later take place , possibly from murphy s growing as a person , now having a family .
how low have glenn close and gerard depardieu ( as the film's villain ) sunk in the film business ?
as he pokes around , he runs into several lowlife characters .
the extent to which de sade is willing to go to practise his trade is amongst the movie's most intriguing elements , as when de sade scribes a story in his own blood , or narrates a tale via of a chain of fellow inmates , cell to cell .
is available on dvd from columbia tristar home video .
kilmer actually provides a rather good role in this movie , although at times you are left to ponder how he actually gets out of the many tight situations .
his tardiness is helped along by his jealous flying robotic assistant who wants him all to herself .
yet it wouldn't be fair to say that everything is bad .
all i can say is , thank god they didn't cast chris o'donnell .
i give it a b .
the gloop has little arms and legs and splits into tiny little gloopettes for a big dance number .
but the bigger problem with " supernova " is that it can' t just stick to the simple plot it's afforded .
days go by , and the boy , named josu ? , roams around the station , hungry , desperate , and somewhat clueless to his predictament .
occasionally , a little flickering sound whirs in his head like sprockets winding through a film projector , reminding him of his unpleasant task .
when i found out afterward that this film was based on a novel , it came as no surprise to me .
making a new friend kitty ( rose mcgowan ) he learns that if he gets an exit pass from death , he can go back up and live his life .
however , there is a distinct separation between opening your mind to ridiculous situations and believing a bunch of flat lies .
that's the trouble with me , * i * notice .
the world is going to end at precisely midnight , january 1st , 2000 .
when the movie was over and the audience was exiting , i didn't hear one negative comment , and i didn't have any to offer .
when was the last time you left a theater feeling all warm and fuzzy inside ?
and in this overlong thriller , these virtues do not help keep the suspense up .
joe is quite a gorilla -- a big , digital gorilla .
give me a break , will ya ?
mortensen is a little bit better , coming across as a younger douglas , but his role isn't meaty enough to show all his talent .
if this predicament wasn't bad enough , hurricane geraldo is bearing down on savannah and throwing the world into chaos .
the reason he makes such a great villain is that he actually looks like a real person , one anyone would be able to trust , which makes the plot that much more believable .
discovers there's a very good possibility it was a conspiracy .
lloyd gives yet another outstanding comic performance .
the first thing that jumps out to one when they see the advertisements for this film is the huge cast .
everything herein has already been done , and if it hasn't , the movie manages to botch it one way or another .
with its extreme running time , and lack of enough robust to get substantial word-of-mouth , i expect that it will do even better on home video .
but sadly , titanic just misses the mark of masterpiece ( although it is one of cameron's best films )
pepper's tells the story of the fictitious band made popular from the song ( and album ) of the same name , released in 1967 .
the doctor was evasive and clearly uncomfortable .
review written on : september 29 , 1993
he ends his prayer by saying " . . . forgive me for surviving . "
why do people hate the spice girls ?
in fact , maybe roberto benigni has made a film that is the sole argument for the old saying that you get out of a movie exactly what you put into it .
plot : a rich guy who doesn't believe in love , orders a mail-order bride for himself .
screened at the 24th annual mill valley film festival .
mother has a series of setbacks , like being dumped by her dream-boat dentist ( bochner ) she met on the beach , and witnessing her daughter mimic her whiny optimistic sayings when trying out for an acting part .
whoopi golberg also puts in an understated performance , playing a lesbian cop , with a name that makes one want to reach for a lollipop .
by the time the characters arrive at the cabin , this film begins to become tedious .
reviews independent film and big studio pictures that deserve a second chance on video .
that's right : willis , for the first time in years , gives up the spotlight to his costar .
he uses this structure of film to experiment , and most successful of such experiments is hilarious " a day in life " segment near the end of the film .
it's my christmas present .
i love ralph fiennes .
without speaking more than five words of english , he conveys more emotion than most actors with a thousand lines of dialog .
there is , in fact , no doubt about who this motion picture is aimed at : movie-goers in their late teens and early twenties -- the most lucrative target group .
one of them notes , after watching disney's the little mermaid , that ariel is soooo hot .
jeff does not become a gun-toting vigilante on the hunt for his wife , but instead becomes a scared , confused everyman who has no idea what the hell is going on .
it lacks consistency and a firm grasp on what it wants to accomplish .
here is the story : in the monstrously over-decorated mansion known as hill house , visitors are tricked by an unknown doctor ( liam neeson ) into being guinea pigs in a fright experiment under the guise of an insomnia investigation .
with expectations high ( and how could they not be , considering that another barry levinson/dustin hoffman collaboration , the excellent wag the dog , is still playing in theaters ? ) ,
shortly thereafter , the president drives through , and people stare , with blank faces .
the future is bleak .
still , this is the kind of film that deserves accolades from critics instead of cheap shots .
similarly , the set design is wrong for a high school setting : the teams are decked out with sparkling uniforms , radio headsets ( which never seem to work , however , and instead require coaches to signal plays manually ) , and even a giant bronze statue of coach kilmer .
there may be a little bit of chad in all of us , but some of us have taken chad-ness to the level of art .
we're talking ralph fiennes here , one of the best actors working today , one of the best actors * ever * .
the old bellhop ( the seemingly immortal marc lawrence - who hated pulp fiction actually ) hands over his cap to ted and he goes to his job happily .
his counterpart for this scam is jerome morrow ( jude law ) , an ex-athlete left paralyzed in an accident and confined to a wheelchair for life .
no skyscrapers or other monoliths of current architecture or technology are shown .
half of everything that is happening is also kept hidden .
with corny dialogue , that the characters laugh at for some odd reason , a script that goes nowhere , dull action sequences , a predictable ending , and worst of all weak characters , there's basically nothing to like here , except for maybe the set designs .
their lifestyle is a sort of passive resistance to the idea that people should go out and actively pursue a career after graduation ; they seem content to sit around spouting off about the inadequacy of american democracy , the pervasiveness of slave morality , the subtle messages in pop culture , and such .
and even that isn't a very positive statement .
the plot is that the trade confederation are blocking off supplies to the peaceful planet of naboo , ruled by queen amidala ( portman ) jedi knights qui-gon ( neeson ) and obi wan ( mcgregor ) are sent to negotiate a deal with the confederation to stop the blockade .
in a film that gives new meaning to the phrase , " made for each other , " the twin's biggest , but not their only secret , is that they've had a long-term incestuous relationship .
douglas does a good job of portraying a relatively cracked fellow , but it's nothing he hasn't done before .
btw , the final image of the film is just as simple , is as strong a contrast as the aforementioned horizontal-moving white dot against the night-sky background .
it's illogical , unrealistic , uneven and undemanding .
for the ephrons invested so much effort in their protagonists that they give short shrift to the talented supporting cast , including parker posey , greg kinnear , jean stapleton and steve zahn .
full metal jacket , very much like every other hard-hitting film about the vietnam war , is an shocking , emotional depiction of the war that effected almost everyone in america .
if stein was indeed responsible for the whole of this atrocity , someone needs to get the man some drugs , pronto .
perhaps the film has a little more respectability because it was made not as a western but as a stylish british gangster film .
maybe if it were an hour less , it may have been tolerable , but 2 hours and 40 minutes of talking is too much to handle .
some of the movie's flashes of humor are surreal as well as typically burton : an organ-grinder ape with a midget or an elderly ape taking off a wig and removing false teeth as he prepares for bed .
and cops , obviously , never look in toilet tanks for clues .
while it's hard to recommend as entertainment , it's a fine adult alternative about how we deal with loss .
there weren't even nine laughs in nine months .
as stipulated by one of the " rules of sequels " uttered by a movie- obsessed character in the film , the body count in scream 2 is higher than that in the original .
the plot has been done before -- a mysterious , unaddressed love letter shows up in a small town , causing confusion for everyone who reads it .
and it works very well .
after appearing in bottom-of-the-barrel flops , father's day and my giant , crystal finally finds a reliable costar and some very promising material here .
janeane garofalo in a romantic comedy -- it was a good idea a couple years ago with the truth about cats and dogs but is almost excruciating in the matchmaker .
there's really only one no holds barred fight scenes that have become the trademark of jackie's films .
that's a lot more than can be said for the rest of them movie , which seems to go on forever .
the lynchpin of the film falls on the redundant and sporadic scenes involving mona ( midler ) .
the plot is almost non-existent and not very coherent ; the story , featuring many interesting incidents and anecdotes , shifts focus from the old generation of test pilots , embodied in yeager , to new generation of the astronauts .
he uses people to get what he wants , but that only means that he fits in well with the other characters in this movie .
he encourages will and tries to give him structure , knowing that , with a little discipline , he could be bigger than einstein .
( actual dialogue excerpt : " fuck you . "
julie newmar . "
the double-pronged story flashes forward to 1999 , where johnny ( now jim caviezel ) is all grown up and working as a police detective .
the movie is not intense enough to be a thriller , the romantic segments involving seth and abby ( nia long ) are not properly finalized , and the dialogue isn't funny enough to make it a comedy .
wong ) , mulan outmatches her fellow combatants in smarts , wit , and physical ability .
`no evil dead ii is different , it's funny . '
the characterizations are mostly flat , one dimesional , but they have enough in them to get you to care for some of the characters .
worst of all , the painting that he has desperately been working on during all this time , `the portrait of the princess' , fails to win the prize at the festival .
despite an american 'r' rating ( which the content does not justify ) , the film is way too juvenile for the older mindset .
" the iron giant , " which was directed and co-written by brad bird , late of such animated series as " the simpsons " and " king of the hill , " assumes that not only can children handle such discussions , but that they can do so while being entertained at the same time .
while doing this kenny learns a thing or to , by proving to cartman he can light his fart on fire .
one of my problems with the first is that cab calloway's song is so good the actually blues brothers look dull after him , but there's no problems with this .
as the prologue to each episode of the television series explains , giant industrial robots , known as " labors " ( an interesting play on words , considering that " robot " is derived from the czech word for labor ) , have come into widespread use in japan toward the close of the twentieth century .
of course , these raptors look a little different also , so perhaps they are a different related species .
but this is where the good things end .
whether this is just a very bad case of looping , an effort to minimize accents , or a simple case of nostalgia , it does achieve the same level of distraction present in all of jackie's dubbed films .
and the ending takes about 20 minutes longer than it really should .
boogie nights really is a spectacular feat of direction and writing , on par ( and sometimes betters ) quentin tarantino's films resevoir dogs ( 1992 ) and pulp fiction ( 1994 )
the computer-generated werewolves look painfully unreal .
despite stern warnings from ripley , the company remains rigid and won't call the families back .
technically , since the international slave trade was outlawed at that time , people like cinque couldn't be kidnapped into slavery ; one had to be born a slave to be legally considered a slave .
and these are people with a big house and a decent standard of living .
like we wonder if his elevator goes to the top floor .
while bobby tries to stay calm and professional , ricky begins swaggering and throwing money around as if he was john gotti or tony soprano .
it is movies like these that make a jaded movie viewer thankful for the invention of the timex indiglo watch .
was there any reason as to why in one scene , it rained solely on truman , even though it never had to ?
anyway , the movie's just a boatload of fun .
it's a character study more than anything , and that's not surprising , considering it was written by two actors : damon and co-star ben affleck .
it doesn't happen overnight , but throughout the film , he bites his tongue here , cares a little there , and most miraculously , falls in love .
besides tavington , the redcoats remain stick figures that are neither glorified nor patronized .
you could easily sleep through whole sections of the film ( as some fellow critics did ) and wake up in a scene exactly like the one you nodded off in , not having missed anything worthwhile .
this film offers nothing new .
that could have been done in the film , but that would have required the entire film to be subtitled for the non-ape-speaking .
the computer animation is mostly impressive ( although several key characters look like animated rubber squeeze toys and the human movements are often jerky ) , the voice work is strong ( particularly from eddie murphy ) , the laughs come fast and furious , and the moral , tainted though it may be , is a good one .
instead , their brains just operate in a different , simpler , realm .
ricky is mostly oblivious to the problems he creates and is genuinely surprised when he comes under attack for his faux paus .
if you happen upon this turkey , just keep moving on .
unfortunately , it's been done before and since in much better films , a fact which ultimately leaves the sci-fi fan bored by this movie .
oh yeah , and li's character is also an acupuncture expert who is able to ease pain and/or kill at the touch of a needle .
the actual breaking of the commandments is almost treated as an afterthought , with one through five dispatched in a five-minute montage .
but his paradise is about to be shattered by a one-two-punch .
how about when he convinces the robot to think with its heart and reconsider killing the family ?
anyone in search of a relatively entertaining , family jungle adventure should check out the 1994 version of the jungle book , which uses the same basic elements to much better effect .
down periscope stars kelsey " frasier " grammer as an inept navy captain who is given command of his own ship as part of a corrupt officer's ( james coburn ) plan to get him out of the navy .
now this train wreck .
kevin eventually looses control of his life and has to institutionalize his wife , and gets disturbing news from his mother ( judith ivey ) about the mystery concerning the identity of his father .
every look in jolie's eyes screams " psycho " !
they rob numerous banks with identical interiors , always with the kindest of hearts , strutting in their grungy dusters as moby songs play in the background .
wilson looked like she was simply mimicing some movements taught to her by the fight choreographer .
just go see the movie .
well , that's simple : jewel shepard , as a flighty bimbo , was admittedly fun to watch .
this movie bungles two out of three , badly .
stalked proceeds , then , as it begins : obvious , obvious , obvious .
you'll also feel the loneliness and insanity that sets in with mary ann , knowing that her husband is slowly drifting away .
'i woke up early the day i died' is a perfectly bad film .
nevertheless , even though some parts are indeed funny , the plot in this movie grew old and boring -- quick .
unfortunately " romeo must die " bears all the trademarks of a typical hollywood action film and none of hong kong's rhythms .
hats off to murray for adding the perfect touch of comedy to the film .
like the cheap jeans and " pumma " sneakers manufactured in hong kong , van damme's latest is a real phony .
of course , one of those little obstacles turns out to be her dull and unambitious husband larry , played by matt dillon .
in a nuclear confrontation , everybody loses , and the aftereffects have devastating effects that impact the entire world--assuming the world survives .
the film , which involves a small community of children who mysteriously died of leukemia , certainly contains the type of story to be emotionally-charged , but somehow all signs of feeling have been completely removed from the proceedings , leaving us with nothing more than a poorly-done courtroom drama .
carol ( linda fiorentino ) is the nurse that cares for him .
it's difficult to explain the charms of the film without revealing too much - the movie abounds with little revelations that subtly shape the characters , and in the end , each one is that much fuller and more understood by the time you leave the theater .
a computer whiz-kid , david , is usually contended with hacking into the school computer to change his grades .
senseless would not be as problematic as it is if it didn't strive to be anything more than a comic trifle .
not of this earth is one of the biggest sci-fi surprises in years .
this film reminds you how much fun it is to spot metaphorical images throughout a movie .
this is what a great director can do for questionable source material .
no . . . not the cia nor the fbi nor the nsa .
so i didn't expect too much from this .
the loyal friend .
see , steven's been having some problems with his girlfriend , robin ( leslie mann ) , and he doesn't think he has any more room in his life for a new friend .
dreamworks is off to a satisfying start with peacemaker .
perhaps , but that film also has superbly drawn characters and smart dialogue .
he has had his typical action movies , " boiling point " , " passenger 57 " , but his new movie " the art of war " should just be called " rising sun 2 : the art of war " cause basically it's a semi-remake of the same plot , with a different cast , and forced to be a ridiculously unbelievable thriller , that is high on style and low on substance .
things get more bizarre when we're introduced to his team of rejects named after chocolate bars , including future nypd blue star david caruso as the speechless , card-flipping kit-kat .
instead , they would have to settle with pointless , slow scenes involving nelson , brosnan and laurence treill's attempts of serious acting .
meanwhile , the authorities' target is ordell , and they want jackie to help them by arranging a sting to the tune of a half-million dollars .
what's the deal ?
however , while the devil's advocate strives to get noticed , ultimately it makes very little impression at all .
( the scenes involving him and nello are heartwarming , touching ones . )
but it doesn't really make much of a difference .
giles is a writer , but the product of his typewriter is the kind of scholarly stuff that is immediately put onto library stacks where it can gather dust until some graduate student needs another reference for his or her thesis .
the film still manages to have some strong points .
for those of you who don't know , al franken plays a guy named stuart smalley , who has a really annoying show on a public-access station about increasing your self-esteem , etc . although not a licensed therapist , stuart smalley is , as the program proudly boasts , " a graduate of several 12-step programs . "
but it wasn't until the very end that i finally put my finger on why : the comedy takes its roots not from whimsical film fantasies ( such as young sherlock holmes ) but from cheesy prime-time sitcoms .
this 'unhip' film leaves one with the impression that smoking and growing pot is silly , but should be tolerated as something naughty middle-aged widows screwed by their terrible former husbands must do in order not to remain destitute .
hackers is guilty of all of these crimes .
but , they can not forget what they did .
while this unbridled innocence in film is a refreshing change from all the sinful cinema around these days , there is not enough conflict to keep things consistently interesting .
surprisingly , i enjoyed the film .
if action scenes in a movie are going to be brutal instead of dazzling , you need a story to justify watching them .
adele's dream of greener pastures in beverly hills soon doesn't look that good , as she lands a job in a slum school , has her precious car scratched by the unruly kids , and settles into a job she hates in order to financially survive .
while several clips of the film are seen , the short tends to spend more time trying to recount welle's attempts to film it , despite studio problems , a staggering workload , and extremely ill fortune on the set .
but why give him a more serious material ?
wolf larson , who bears more than a passing resemblance to hugh grant , adequately plays the underling obviously set up as the killer of the film's title .
this is what you can expect should you chose to take this reindeer on ; several scenes in which , after catching his prey , the bad guy proceeds to stall interminably until the good guy has a chance to kill his captor and crack a stupid one-liner .
like " fantastic voyage " ( 1966 ) , the pseudo-science animation then takes over when his body's immune system contacts traffic control as an ingested virus hits the digestive system : " be on the alert for illegal organisms ! "
he has trouble sustaining the squinting eyes and the affected voice , and even when he does it comes off as awkwardly unfunny .
the boy next door who may be more foe than friend .
coinciding with the emerging popularity of movies that deal with anything related to serial killers , relentless , 1989 low budget thriller about lapd detective sam dietz , played by character actor leo rossi , spawned three more sequels .
this goes on for about 100 minutes , and it just seems a little too long .
the police negotiator is the person with the entirely unenviable job of going into ground zero and attempting to talk a dangerous criminal out of doing whatever he or she intends to do .
a showcase for mr . aronofsky's technical virtuosity ( made for $60 000 , it's since gone on to capture acclaim at the 1998 sundance film festival ) , pi is an intriguingly cerebral story which , ironically , is perhaps the most purely visceral film of the year .
and this wonderful bathroom interchange early in the film :
" you're dumb .
they certainly don't increase the tension or suspense of the movie .
thinking quickly , courtney offers fern a once-in-a-lifetime chance .
savvy holiday goers should skip " 102 dalmatians " and pop the original 1961 animated classic into * their * vcrs instead .
i bet you must be tired after being on that boat for so long .
editor jack hofstra cheapens the action even more by his use of burning flames in scene transitions .
she has brought cotton weary ( liev schreiber ) , the man sidney falsely accused of murder , with her .
tenebrae is perhaps the most multi-layered of argento's scripts to date and there is much bubbling underneath the surface here .
well , this movie is exactly like that , only it isn't a joke , it isn't on tv and you are asked to pay money to see it ! !
another thing that carries this film are the superb performances by gibson and sinise , as they collide in a game of wits over their cellular phones for most of the movie .
the film drags on and my headache gets bigger , while " fight club " nears what i think might be the end .
now , killer bugs don't really go with the weather-controlling theme of the film .
in spite of game efforts by kevin bacon and matt dillon , who manage to sustain straight faces throughout the ordeal , " wild things " not once jells in its eroticism , unpredictability , character motivation , sense of the world , plot , etc . there's not one redeeming quality in the picture that is not technical .
i'm beginning to get fed up .
i do think , though , that they should have invested in some better furniture for the cabin ; its beds and closets have a habit of just breaking at the slightest touch .
director taylor hackford mixes both his old-school style of filmmaking with the dizziness of a lars von trier film .
damon in the flesh might seem a little out of place with his expensive clothes and perfectly-groomed features , but his narration is what brings it all together .
smith puts aside the wisecracking act and becomes a normal human being ; voight tones down the amount of sneer he puts into his character for greater ominpotence ; and hackman is simply over the top in the mysterioso role .
street fighter : the movie ( 1995 ) starring : raul julia and jean claude van-damme
it's obvious the writer had a good idea for a movie , mob boss faces breakdown and needs the services of a psychiatrist , but once this is established , the movie doesn't really go anywhere .
in essence , the entire segment works like a teaser for an arcade game , not a piece of filmmaking .
it's a fun gimmick , though , and soderbergh treats the material with enough humor that everything comes off naturally .
see ?
on the other hand , most logical conclusion of the film - landing on the moon - would require this film to be more than six hours long .
and there's one point in the film in which he shouts , thereby defeating my hypothesis that he is vocally monotone .
vincent d'onofrio turns in a manic performance as sam , whose jealousy , competitiveness and apparent sense of inferiority seem far more in keeping with what we know about jjaks , while reeves turns into a framed hero too reminiscent of chain reaction , and both of them spend most of the second half of the film screaming and covered in blood .
luke also learns his family was a jedi .
the whole thing goes south about an hour in , with the tale taking hairpin turns that i certainly couldn't follow .
bad acting , however , seems to be a requirement for this sequel , since g ? rard depardieu shows up as a french furrier with a haircut like robert de niro's in " men of honor . "
with the charisma of a pit bull , being tough is all that jack carter knows .
probably the only way you will get to see this fine film is by purchasing a copy of arrow entertainment's digitally restored cut , now available in stores .
when , even in the beginning , the director can't get the small parts right , you can sense the movie is in trouble .
a friend of mine recommended this to me because he has a crush on neve campbell , and he wanted to prove that she's as hot as he thinks he is .
the heroine of this movie is emily eden ( melanie griffith ) , tough lady cop who sometimes shows too much enthusiasm in battling bad guys on the streets of new york .
there is both style and substance to the beginning of feeling minnesota , as baigelman opens with an effective montage showing jjaks and sam's intense sibling rivalry as boys , and their mother ( tuesday weld ) sending jjaks away to live with his father .
( so she's a lesbian .
the dean tries to kick patch out and later he tries again .
come on .
and maybe i'm a bit biased towards the film because it takes place in a haven of literary academia , a place i'm greatly fond of , and a place rarely explored in american cinema .
it displays this perfectly .
d'artagnan and his new frisky love interest/chambermaid francesca ( mena suvari ) play footsy and coo at each other as the cardinal hunts down the musketeers until finally the queen ( catherine deneuve ) ends up being captured by the menancing febre , forcing the musketeers to regroup , with d'artagnan leading the charge , and save the day .
but as i rewatched " independence day " when it came out on video after being the number one hit of 1996 , i kinda felt like it wasn't as cool as when i had first seen it .
although it gets off to a rocky start ( " rocky " 's polite for what it really is ) , it soon picks up and becomes a wonderully poignant musical .
although donna murphy , who falls victim to this thankless love interest role here , is actually one of the few characters that we get to know in the 103-minute running time , alfre woodard was far superior in , " first contact . "
there was a huge crowd - so many over 100 people could not be admitted - at a premiere screening of " the nephew " ( first screening with a major general audience admittance ) .
actually , if you've seen the trailer , then you already know the plot and have seen its funniest moments .
it just shows how desperate the script is for attention .
and don't call me a sissy .
the trick about spoofing is that you have to actually be funny , or at the least , satirical .
it is some kind of mamet trademark i do not understand to have women talk without inflection , as if they are just reading the words for the first time .
niccol's film deserves more than what independence day made because it is smarter , better produced , and more realistic .
james frain is nick , rudy's cellmate , a manslaughterer who's found a pen pal in the gorgeous ashley mason ( charlize theron ) .
most impressive are youngsters yelchin and boorem , who both had tiny parts in along came a spider .
in fact , everything was ok until " the nugent " came to town .
both artists envisioned the horrors that man could do against the world , and represented this unspoken pain on the faces of the animals so that anyone who cares to really see what is going on , will not mistake which side of the fence he or she should be on .
modine whines and complains and would be completely pathetic if he was matched against someone stronger than elizabeth berkley , who appears as another struggling actor .
see it twice .
the central premise behind the film is an inspired and promising one .
now , during his last hours on death row awaiting his inevitable date with the gas chamber , the mass murderer cryptically tells hobbes , " what goes around really goes around . "
of course we can hear the animals talk to each other , and they actually went to the trouble of attempting to sync the voices with their mouths but it comes out terrible .
true , he is bad , but it doesn't help that he has no character to work with .
no doubt , titanic is the most elaborate disaster movie ever made .
he learns the moral lesson , that to live is a gift .
it leaves one breathless , uplifted , and with much to think about .
by themselves , the stories would be forceful testaments , but by cutting them in parallel , their impact is multiplied by five .
he' s awfully one-note , but it's not as if he's given any more notes to work with .
as a trilogy , " scream " was a lot of fun ; refreshing , humorous , offbeat .
he's both fascinated and disturbed by the l . i . e . , and those feelings are projected onto big john ( who follows howie around in his bright red car , but never makes a move to force the boy to do something he doesn't want to do .
at least , then , it wouldn't have been such a chore to sit through .
this is a movie made of pretty , but tepid car chases strung together by just enough character interaction to move the plot along .
this is certainly missable .
however , after about an hour everything comes together and the formula , like it or not , clicks .
i learned that the word " bitch " is their favorite word , as it seemed to crop up in every sentence they used .
barbatus also has a touching but rather gruesome scene as he has his final words with z without a body .
for whatever reason , my hotel's cable system wasn't showing the astros-braves game , which featured a randy johnson-greg maddux matchup .
ted danson ( in his first starring film role ) finally gets to play a character with some depth and sensitivity .
stealing stuff can be profitable in this industry , but only when you steal the right stuff .
it's also supposed to be sexy , but it's instead got the unpleasant rawness of a teenager showing younger kids his collections of dirty pictures .
de palma used to know how , but seems to have forgotten .
but at least the day and night scenes are tinted sepia and blue , respectively , especially helpful to an audience who may question nosferatu's waltzing around during what seems like sunlight ( it took a lot of light to expose stock in the twenties ) .
is there anything good here ?
it's too bad most of them are unintentional , or just plain forced .
gaz ( carlyle ) spends most of his time in the worker's club , a sort of place where jobless people sit around to wait for job offers .
george lucas , the creator of the series , has probably just assumed most people know the first-produced trilogy ( `star wars , ' `the empire strikes back' and `return of the jedi' ) is actually the second trilogy , chronologically .
secondly , and along the same line , we can't prejudge a film because of it's stars , director , etc . the difference ?
the premise of wag the dog is so simple that it's adequately explained by the commercials .
ever watch a very young child try and tell a joke that is beyond his , or her , sophistication ?
high fidelity works almost entirely on the strength of its characters and performances .
the flying inkpot rating system : * wait for the tv2 broadcast .
martin riggs ( mel gibson ) and sgt .
spawn , instead , suffers from too much pomp and circumstance , and too little plot and character development .
they're on cable tv : a couple of documentaries produced by e ! and vh1 .
but i would still recommend this film as a fun , summer movie with laughs , creepiness and a really cool premise .
the slogan for the film is , " size does matter " .
deserves recognition for : making this relatively youthful critic feel extremely old and crotchety20
the story of us tells the story of ben ( bruce willis ) and katie ( michelle pfeiffer ) jordan , and asks the question , " can a marriage survive 15 years of marriage ? "
earth does for india what movies like zhang yimou's to live and tian zhuangzhuang's the blue kite did for china : they show us the agonies endured by unremarkable people who had the bad luck to be caught up and smashed in the crucible of history .
starting with the little mermaid and most recently the lion king , the walt disney company once again proved that they could not only consistently make modern day animated classics , but were particularly in touch with what the general viewing public--particularly kids-- wanted to see .
doubtfire , but there are plenty of laughs , and good comedies are always in short supply .
as the two are investigating their latest mission at some sort of biological weapons plant , al is befriended by jason , and dies in a gory and truly sickening scene .
well , there is such a plot , and it works very well in this comedy .
when lee goes into a karaoke bar , the lair of chief bad guy ricky tan ( john lone ) and his hoods , carter takes the spotlight on stage with a credible michael jackson riff .
( he has a $6000 a week drug habit . )
this is already a problem .
he hopes to capitalize on the tense moment by providing an escape for the town .
the bug city is a modern-day metropolis , complete with fireflies temping as traffic lights and a fly sitting on the curb , holding out a cup , with a sign lying next to him that says " kid tore off wings . "
what about that a-list cast ?
anyway , when i answered " john cusack " , she replied with a rather stunned " who ? " , as if it was unreasonable for her to know whom i was referring to .
the premise of " scream 2 " is that a series of copycat killings begin when a movie called " stab , " based on a book written by opportunistic reporter gail weathers ( courtney cox ) about the events in " scream , " is released and two audience members are killed during the opening screening .
in the summer of 1997 , hence , new line cinema released spawn , a live-action film based on the groundbreaking series .
still wondering who nigel hawthorne is ?
he had been a very profitably rewarded vice-president in charge or research and development at brown and williams tobacco ; now he was unemployed and needed money to support his family .
another , my personal favorite , is a fight in a meat packing house , featuring pig carcasses and a chainsaw .
here's a genuinely fun fluff piece that knows it's fluff , recognizes it's fluff and is admittedly proud to be fluff .
thandie newton plays the glassy-eyed girl with a demented fervor which is endearing at first , but which becomes off-putting and unintentionally laughable by the end .
quite the opposite is true , in fact , as director ross skillfully brings a narrative with intense and intelligent undertones to the screen .
it was not as great as i hoped .
the most famous ape man was johnny weismuller , but no less than two dozen other actors have essayed the part ( including gordon scott , who is widely believed to be the best actor to tackle the role ) .
and judd hirsch steals the film by actually acting great ( he's a stereotype , but i just loved the man anyway ) .
screenplay by walter bernstein based on the novel by eugene burdick and harvey wheeler produced by max e . youngstein directed by sidney lumet
it's also very funny , and the humor is of the kind that both children and adults will enjoy .
one way of telling if a film is good or not is by the length .
this is the kind of movie where the killer drags dead victims from the scene of the crime for no reason other than , i dunno , exercise .
there are too many gaping craters in the plot and you just aren't sure if it's comedy or hokey drama .
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " jeepers creepers " is a fiendishly visceral 2 with an extraordinarily gruesome conclusion , giving new meaning to the old song " jeepers creepers . "
and when push comes to shove , the use of stunt doubles is distractingly obvious , though at least roth gets to play a villain without having to wear an ape suit .
but boy , does she owe me one !
director dennis dugan has a track record for broad comedy with films like " big daddy " and " beverly hills ninja , " but falls flat with " saving silverman . "
after having seen more films like it , it's kind of grown on me . )
? written by kim fuller .
afterwards you can reflect on individual images , visions , and people .
the story earth tells does not end .
for the most part , however , the best moments are the ones involving the slightly unhinged types .
" first rule of fight club is , don't talk about fight club . "
( chris rock is this film's only weak link-between jokes , he's wooden . )
replace the sword with a chainsaw and you'd effectively have ash fighting zombies in army of darkness .
without the plot !
director antoine arqua has clearly not observed chow's excellent acting capabilties and simply requires him to mutter a few lines of broken english and look flash as he stands and shoots .
this is very close to pop culture bashing heaven , folks .
what's the result of tying so many plot points and characters to future films ?
topol's reassuring performance as the wise man who says all the right things to fraser , acts as the true voice of the filmmaker in explaining all the sufferings with common sense .
but there was no resolution for india and pakistan--they have been at war , on a small or large scale , for decades .
when they move past this phase , they become like any other drooling toddler .
the impressive cast looks suitably embarrassed .
although the climactic scene is very moving , the picture ends with a pretentious , preachy resolution featuring a brief narration from a character who was killed .
one of them might not be the person they are pretending to be ?
i got so restless during this movie , i almost walked out .
the entire premise of the story revolves around this murder , but is not told in a straightforward manner .
who is to blame ?
a certain number of people will be lost by this , but afficianados will appreciate it all the more and return multiple times .
setting a specific date only dates the movie and guarantees that it won't be timeless ( not that this movie was really in the running anyway . ) .
first , let me assure you that no prior experience with the series is required to fully enjoy this movie .
curdled is a deliciously dark and witty black comedy , but its humour won't appeal to everyone .
the film follows the exploits of a young man , patrick ross ( justin lazard ) , whose sole focus is on cruising along the streets in order to pick up women , loitering in strip clubs , and generally trying to bed as many different ladies as he possibly can .
sure , billy crystal did it before in rabbit test , but the sight of schwarz with a bulging belly is a casting coup comparable to dustin hoffman in tootsie .
rocky's trainer ( burgess meredith ) tells rocky not to fight , but the italian stallion doesn't listen .
finally , will lands in jail for one of his fights .
in many ways , i was surprised by this movie .
" gordy " is not a movie , it is a 90-minute-long " sesame street " skit , and a very bad one at that .
the special effects too , are really nothing for anyone to shout about .
i coulda done without her whole " romance " angle , but to be honest , it doesn't take up much of the film , which is generally covered in blood , explosions , guts and elvis nods .
very little is ever said or discussed concerning it , and when the surgery occurs , it is so briefly glimpsed at that it is impossible to see what is being done to his eyes .
for example , jack and his friends attend a funeral to hang in the background to scope-out the mob scene .
the script is probably the worst of 1999 .
the sheer volume of items necessitates that most of them are of dubious quality .
this is not before a man jumps out from a bathroom with a . 357
ok first of all , our world we live in now , is not the real world , actually we live inside a computer generated world known as the matrix .
it's anthony lapaglia , however , who seizes the spotlight .
it's about differences and how , given the right conditions , even close neighbors can fan the hostile flames of irrational suspicion .
a variety of film stocks were used : super 8 , 16 mm black-and-white , and 35 mm color .
it looked awful .
often , the music and references felt forced .
everyone involved . "
what ensues is a rich and intriguing example of storytelling as we question who jackie is really out to help : the law , ordell , or maybe just herself .
right .
peck focuses his story on familiar material that strives to give an honest portrayal of patrice lumumba , his friend and foes and the independence movements that gripped africa in the 50's and 60's .
peter fonda gives his undoubtedly best performance in victor nu ? ez's new film and patricia richardson ( home improvement star ) shows she is worthy of big screen attention .
i don't know why a foreign director who shows such talent in his country can't make a good american movie .
there is no point in this film that any suspense is ever afoot .
most of it is about as erotic as open-heart surgery , since it involves such goodies as hot candlewax ( always the kink of choice among screenwriters who don't know the first thing about * really * kinky sex ) and smashed light bulbs .
tsui hark ( who directed van damme's last movie , the bad , but not nearly as bad as this , " double team " ) never lets the camera rest for a second , and that's no exaggeration .
the film juggles all these stories for over three hours , but even after all this time not one story is resolved satisfactorily .
while scrambling to collect himself , he frantically shouted to her , " just wait a sex ? er , i mean sec ! "
the one potentially interesting character ( carrie-anne moss ) spends her time alone in the orbiting ship talking to a computer .
shortly into their first joint mission , they are captured and end up in the headquarters of fegan floop ( alan cumming ) , a foppish hybrid of willy wonka and pee wee herman who hosts juni's favorite tv show .
he has a chiseled body full of tattoos .
don't let that dissuade you from seeing this fantastically entertaining film however .
- well , this is it ! "
the same does not go for charles hawtrey , for although he only first appears in the movie after 30 minutes gone and has scarce screen time , he seems to steal every scene he is in .
the slime , well , sort of jumps out at them and the screen turns black .
we've seen it many a time before , but it's at least interesting , sometimes emotional , and even riveting at times .
his old associates want him for one last job and send the vicious don to give him an offer he can't refuse .
there's no question that the primary motivation for , if not the film's reissue itself , at least its timing , was to reinforce disney's dominance in the animation market and provide direct competition to fox's costly new upstart animation division and their first major venture , anastasia .
the way that big-budget disaster movies usually go wrong is to have an all-star cast , so we see the impact of the disaster on a wide group of people .
this is the theme of sidney lumet's " fail-safe , " a fictional drama based on the novel by eugene burdick and harvey wheeler .
he was even better in caddyshack , for crying out loud .
all this to get to the familiar yet offensive " revelation " that sexual deviants are not , indeed , monsters but everyday people like you and me .
we'll have a hit on our hands ! "
the high schoolers are presented as a uniformly screwed up lot--bored with life , not much ambition , promiscuous , profane .
due to the lack of more substantial evidence , nobody warns the small town , and when they finally do , it's in the middle of the town meeting that the volcano finally blows .
this last act is full of violent comedic slapstick , and after the movie's genuine dramatic setup , it is dessert .
the man with the hook ends up becoming very belittled this time around when the script gives him too many lines of dialogue -- he goes from being a scary figure to a nutcase in a few short and painful moments .
the three central characters , that of judith , pat , and liz , are all written to be free-thinking , complex human beings , and are all likable , but flawed , people who are constantly interesting , as is the film itself .
" street fighter ? "
i'm telling you , a nuclear bomb detonated next to this man wouldn't harm him at all !
to cover their misdeed , they dump the body into the ocean .
as i was being taken through the intricate regions of the " dark city " , a clever plot began to unravel , to the point where the last time i had seen such clever plot twists were in " the usual suspects " .
later on , we meet aoki at the dance studio ( naoto takenaka ) , a co-worker and all out weirdo and one of the laugh riot highlights of the film .
rounding out the cast includes swingers' jon favreau , 7-up pitchman orlando jones , gruff owner jack warden , and cast of wacky and unknown actors who do amazing jobs of portraying perfectly stereotyped characters : the drunken welshman , the overweight sumo wrestler , the black convict , the violent cop , and the dumb , dumb cheerleaders .
[r]
this simple offer of help leads magruder down a dangerous path with a black end .
the mortals won , and in theory this should have prevented the emperor shao khan from taking over the earth .
at one point , francis is sent away to a juvenile prison , and an odd , possibly sexual relationship begins to develop between a priest and himself , but nothing comes of it .
then one of them takes the boy to bed for a sexual initation ( underneath the title credits ) that's far more confrontatory and shocking than any ten basic instincts -- probably because it has the directness and clumsiness of real life , something we're not used to seeing on screen .
of course , the general reaction of the audience was oppposed to mine , and so i am in the minority , as i was when i stood on the side of dante's peak .
i've tried writing screenplays , and even * i * suspect that if i tried to pitch this mess , i'd get laughed out of the office .
the action that is present in this film takes place in a huge skyscraper and is relatively unspectacular .
joaquin phoenix does a very effective job of making commodus a person and not just a cartoon character ( which could have easily happened ) .
it's easy to understand enough so that they are still funny .
both provide the requisite comic relief ( timon and poombah from the lion king immediately come to mind ) and perform the usual hijinks as prescribed by the disney mold .
who knows .
eventually , their trek goes awry , and all are " lost in space " .
a must-see .
crystal plays an excellent straight man to deniro's character , uplifting him from such bombs as father's day and my giant .
the plot is not especially compelling , but the character interaction is , and that's the real reason to see this motion picture .
as a movie , play it to the bone is hardly worth our time .
the film is based on the michael crichton " eaters of the dead " , in which ahmed ibn fahdlan is banished from his country for looking at a wife of a king .
don't get me wrong , catherine zeta was sweet window dressing ( despite my continued perception of her faint mustache-see entrapment ) , and owen wilson was good as the standard " comic relief " , but come on people , if you're going to have us sit through two hours in a theater with these folks , how 'bout giving them a little more than one-liners as dimension .
his responses to the intrusion of new suitor stu are often petty , but the kind of thing most of us might do with the benefit of anonymity .
his girlfriend's a stripper sharing a subplot with " striptease " in that she has to do it for her son .
employing the magic of laughter , the italian comedian wins her heart and together , they raise a young boy named giosue ( child actor giorgio cantarini ) .
" when it's cold outside , the molecules aren't moving .
r2-d2 and c-3p0 are both what we call " driods " , or robots that are of assistance to humans .
tut tut .
in other movies sex is glamorized .
but even the terminator in judgement day had a sympathetic side .
in the past , affleck has been at his best as a supporting actor , and reindeer games does nothing to further his viability as a leading man .
in the present-time of the film , danny is in high school , and eager to follow the footsteps of his brother .
after a while they discover strange markings on their bodies .
not unless you want to see four uninteresting college kids run around in circles for about 90 minutes .
in this installment , the plot picks up as karla wins a trip to the bahamas , and julie , yet racked by guilt , decides that maybe a tropical getaway will help ease her mind .
the film often makes no sense ( a several-hundred foot tall beast hides in subway tunnels ) , sports second-rate effects ( the baby godzillas seem to be one computer effect multiplied on the screen ) , lame jokes ( mayor ebert and his assistant gene are never funny ) , horrendous acting ( even matthew broderick is dull ) and an unbelievable love story ( why would anyone want to get back together with maria pitillo's character ? ) .
like the rest of those deeply effected by the war , this small group tries to survive instead of trying to live .
the only scene that makes any sense is one that complains about the united states bastardizing history in the making of movies .
it's an intelligent film , and takes you places that you might not have been ( or , at least , might not have seen so many times that they feel familiar ) .
mamet's timing is perfect in the direction but terrible in the production .
instead of depicting a city populated by mostly normal people and then showing us the strangeness that we might not have noticed at first , linklater shows us the oddballs first , then stops and reminds us that ordinary people live there too .
as said above , the film is an normal , average terrorist thriller , seen a million times before , but is using the fugitive reputation to make it sound more professional .
but in this crap ensemble director's film , all four give pitiful efforts .
" futurama " does more effective battle visuals , the kids in " south park " are far more expressive than these mannequins and any old episode of the contemporary version of " the outer limits " does better doom and gloom sci-fi .
" hearts " is a tribute to the magic of childhood , to those summers when the days seem neverending , and nothing means more than your closest friends .
what is strange about these stories is that they are all synchronized .
it's not very original , it goes on for a little too long , but costner and russell make it happen , as two shite-kickin' elvis lovers , who don't stop till they , more or less , drop .
for a price and the promise of a caretaker , jerome supplies vincent with his identity , as well as blood , skin and urine samples for all of those pesky on-the-job tests and physical examinations -- this future is one where employees clock in by pricking their fingers instead of punching a time card .
i rate ghosts of mars a 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a 0 on the -4 to +4 scale .
his blissful ignorance continues as the warning signs mount up .
with these additional scenes replaced , l ? on and matilda's relationship brings you emotionally closer to the film and draws stronger bonds between the characters that were murky in the american version .
anne bancroft goes a little overboard as the deranged and pessimistic ms . dinsmoor , while robert de niro carries off the convict part suitably .
the animation quality is incredible , though the character design is different from what most patlabor fans will be used to .
yes , that alone could have been , but this is just the beginning .
however it's a work of fiction that's great entertainment , and another film to add to the list of damn fine flicks released in 2000 a . d .
eddie murphy has a lot riding on harlem nights .
this movie would be best left for video and even then you might be advised to simply wait for one of the major networks to air it on tv .
martha fiennes has a clear command of cinema , and her spare , often painfully human visual presentation of " yevgeny onegin " is arguably the most lucid translation of pushkin's difficult text yet .
bottom line : don't get trapped in this one .
this movie is based off the wildly popular video-game series of the same name .
they chase a kid down the tunnel and into the station where the " money train " , the heavily armored car that picks up all the cash from the token books , is parked .
from pulp to iggy pop ( yes , he's still alive ) , the aural landscape is as engaging as the visual energy permeating the film .
what drives martin to these supposedly unfair actions , are the originally brutal tactics of colonel tavington .
it tells the old folk tale of the pied piper with a twist ending i find highly appropriate , and with a lot of political comment along with it .
john huston , we miss you !
it blows .
but serling never tackles the all-important question of why a supposedly intelligent human never shows any curiosity or even surprise that the apes speak his own language , a language they had no opportunity to ever hear .
reality is that you are megastar julia fricking roberts and your brother is eric roberts , and he picks up whatever crumbs of stardom fall off your coattails as you blaze across the sky in a golden chariot .
while everything is pretty lifeless , teaching mrs . tingle remains watchable .
the director is uli edel , all the more disappointing since he also directed the elegiac and powerful last exit to brooklyn and christiane f . everyone has to eat , i guess , but this isn't a meal ticket , it's leftovers .
it's the triumph of secrets & lies , then , that it goes beyond gestures of sympathy for the common people into a probing of just what it means to seek 'authenticity' and honesty in everyday lives .
sethe's sons run away , perhaps for good , leaving sethe and her daughter denver to fend for themselves .
in a season of the specialist and pulp fiction et al , maybe a remake of miracle on 34th street * is * necessary .
ted stumbles into the wrong room or something and gets in the middle of a couple ( david proval and jennifer beals in her attempt at " coming back " ) who are playing sex games .
he's first shown living the good life teaching young children to drive go-carts .
as circumstances become progressively more dire for the cop , and as his life-or-death chess game with azazel approaches the point of checkmate , i expected to be more on the edge of my seat than i was .
the problem is that this one seems so childish and lifeless .
carly is determined to free her husband from the clutches of the army and succeeds in doing so only by being the strong one in the family for the first time .
a pretty young coed is driving down a deserted road when ( gasp ! ) a gas problem ( hee-hee ) forces her to stop at an equally deserted gas station for a refill .
the summer of 1977 was an unusual summer in new york city .
when derek is released , having served three years in prison , he finds that his brother is now a full-blown skinhead ; derek , however , has given up the violence , and tries to get his brother to understand why racism and the violence that comes with it are bad things .
most regions of the country are not nearly as football-crazy as texas , and so the atmosphere is likely to be lost on most .
he also seems obsessed and in love with her .
on a positive note , i could honestly say that i did very much enjoy the lovely performance by the adorable salma hayek , who seemed underused ( in my humble opinion ) , and lit up every bubbly scene that she was hardly in .
trying to plan a systematic campaign , he sees his leadership authority negated by joan's insistence on following her " visions . "
and robert blake ) .
pulp fiction , quentin tarantino's anxiously awaited and superb follow-up to reservoir dogs , is absolutely and without a doubt progressing as one of the most talked about , loved , and hated films of all-time .
this doesn't happen .
director gregory hoblit and screenwriter toby emmerich structure " frequency " as good hollywood entertainment , establishing decent , likable characters , making us care for them , and setting up a goal to be reached and a conflict to be resolved .
in exchange , vincent will provide jerome with the rent money and friendship .
this causes him to take severe actions to prove himself to maggie and himself , such as try out for the football team .
" supernova " is pretty awful , but i'm cutting it a little slack merely because i expected less than what i got .
the special effects are good yet dissapointing in men in black .
at the end of an action scene in " lara croft : tomb raider , " a wall collapses near the nubile warrior .
at some point , rock drops naked out of the sky as rufus , the undocumented ( and very black ) " thirteenth apostle " , and offers his assistance , as does divine stripper serendipity ( salma hayek ) .
what's needed are more details as to exactly why mccabe is the only bone marrow match that works ; there would seem to be other possible contenders somewhere in the country , and thus many of the ways that connor endangers the lives of himself and those around him by attempting to keep mccabe alive are just a little too hard to swallow .
blue sky is based on the story of the stagner family .
after seeing it in a nearly empty audience after it opened , it is clear why they held it from the press .
overall , as good as it gets is a fun movie , even though it may be unbelivable , and certainly worth seeing ( if just for jack nicholsons performance . )
he's separated from his wife , serena ( kathleen quinlan ) , and down to his last serious client . . . in a low-budget film shooting in romania .
his childhood is cruelty and competition .
the best one is when jeff goldblum ( nicely named david ) turns on his computer and a picture of hal comes up and says , " good morning , dave . "
by continuing to follow john as he wanders around this strange place , so much unlike the real world we know , we come to realize that it's all a hoax .
in fact , they hate each other so much that we know that they are , or soon will be , in love .
a liberated woman like pamela anderson shouldn't have to hear words like " babe " during a strip tease , especially since that movie about the talking pig was such a success .
at this point , i was envying those kids filing out of the theater .
he has a short temper and any little incident can set him off like a spark in a tinder box .
make tracks to a far superior suspense film , like misery .
sattler has a much smaller part in jp3 , but is still present to tie this story to the first .
john hughes certainly believes in santa claus and his les mayfield-directed production does nothing to tarnish the memory of the 1947 original .
captain john smith is a blond hunk who , while " slightly " misguided , is good at heart .
this is the bulk of the film folks , guys riding from house to house , one keeps getting out to have sex , while the others sit in the car .
what follows is manipulation and revenge on the part of the co . he convinces carly to commit hank to a hospital for observation .
jack horner ( reynolds ) is a adult film director , who decides that eddie would be great in the adult movie business .
susan granger's review of " the watcher " ( universal )
of course , you need a carrier for this face-hugger , and it attachs itself to the dog which came with the team of inmates .
luckily , there's more to the film than some sort of actor's recognition ceremony .
i hear it' s just modern bands doing inferior versions of the songs that are actually in the movie .
the other has the main characters expressing their copious grief by cleaning house in wails of despair and clouds of ajax .
he had made such classics as look back in anger ( 1958 ) and tom jones ( 1963 ) .
if that's the case , forgiveness is granted .
sigh .
weird things seem to happen around cole-his mother ( olivia williams ) leaves the kitchen for a moment and returns to find every cabinet and drawer open even though cole hasn't moved-and cole seems to know things that a kid his age shouldn't-for example , that there was once a gallows in his school .
just a warm , funny , endearing film that will charm the pants off of you .
the bad news is that jimmie's birthday is the following day .
no one seems to care about anything that happens .
the flying effects are never convincing for a moment . . .
it looked cheesy , sappy and ridiculous .
frankenstein succeeds beyond expectations ; he captures capt . amazing before setting out on his scheme to destroy the city .
( note to sony : any studio executive that thinks this plot is going to win points with the reviewing press needs to check into rehab . )
the change seems natural -- in the hands of a lesser filmmaker , it would be crude and would cheat the audience .
as the film goes on , and circumstances get worse and worse , the characters have to make real human decisions , and we can sympathize with them as humans not characters .
everything in his environment is controlled by a team of technicians , led by the show's director , christof ( played by ed harris ) .
the same can easily be said for every other character in the film , of which there are too many .
i can't remember the last time i've seen anything funner .
the idea of a ship that has some sort of life within its walls , a life that knows the fears and inner skeletons of the human passengers , is a promising one .
even though he shows some good creativity at some points , his overall urgency for directing is lost .
the bluegrass version of riders in the sky is even better than rawhide .
the negotiator must therefore be something of an actor , psychologist , and sham artist , in addition to being a police officer ; he must be able to think on his feet and either work toward the goal of ending the confrontation without violence , or failing that , must be prepared to facilitate the conclusion of the crisis through firepower .
every now and again it's fun to watch a really bad movie .
well , turns out that expression is more valid than i ever gave it credit for .
barb wire was adapted from a comic book , interesting because pamela is probably the only woman who looks like a comic book character in real life , even wearing low-cut leather to do office work ( businesswoman bondage wear ) and having unreal body proportions .
for instance , after getting belted with pixie dust while trying to conceal his nature as a magical creature , donkey soars into the air and scoffs , " now i'm a flying talking donkey ! "
there , an ant can be his own boss and have all the food he wants .
some critics suggest that the batman series has run out of steam .
van damme plays marcus ray , a hong kong-based sales rep for a jeans company ( ! ) who stumbles upon a russian terrorist scheme to implant powerful microchip-sized bombs in hk product exports to the u . s . --dolls , electronic equipment , and , yes , jeans .
this is judd's most prominent role to date , and she proves that she can light up the screen .
uma being the only woman's name worse than nora ) attracts men like flies .
another example of this is kevin bacon needlessly going the full monty in a shower scene .
enjoy !
don't get me wrong , it's not going to be accepting any gold trophies next spring , but it was a very enjoyable movie .
so the bible is referring not to a rain but to an infestation from the river .
the inhabitants are soldiers driven by war and pillage .
this is a plot line i had trouble with .
meanwhile , washed-up director , teddy ( paul mazursky ) is about to end his life .
their plans of action are thoughtful and they think about the consequences .
well snipes is mistakenly framed as the killer , and is now an outlaw , kidnapping a chinese woman with him , and having her help him along the way .
i must admit that not once could i distinguish a dead oil-guy-cum-astronaut from a live one , and close-ups of the corpses' faces beneath cracked helmets provided little assistance , as their skin was often covered in fake blood .
later , it turns out the entire story is supposed to be a great big metaphor signifying sam's reunion with his family .
televised images of the gulf war are all the experience most of us have with war .
after these credits , a snapshot of actor jay underwood appears .
not only is it funny , it's often genuinely hilarious . . . . not to mention warm , fluffy and touching in all the appropriate places .
against the wishes of her mate and family leader , kerchak ( lance henricksen ) , she takes on the infant boy as her own .
a winner in every aspect , and a truly delicious slice of cyncial life .
one shaman , determined to stop ravens from unearthing opal , sends a mystical message to tarzan for help .
consider yourselves warned .
dr . d's rating : critical condition (
not quite as good as it gets ( pardon the bad joke ) , but still good fun .
the volcanic eruption . . . .
it is this cast which lifts this ho-hum thriller into a borderline entertaining exercise in camp horror .
robin williams has the rarest of gifts : the ability to rise above the most inept material and suffuse it with his irreverent style .
in fact , the story is empty within itself .
in fact , they've been around in books and on film for many , many years .
i plan on making `a christmas story' a christmas tradition .
if so , perhaps he can never come to the truth .
it's something i don't think has been the subject of a film .
kasdan's humor is of the best kind -- soft spoken , and mostly dialogue-driven ( though there are some great visual jokes ) .
from con air , it was the scene out in the desert when they were digging the plane out from the dirt .
can you say . . . the
travolta , in fact , is still trying to get out of the vincent vega role .
call me cynical , but the jobs of writer and producer don't seem to mix well .
anyway , other than him , jet li also handled his " acting " pretty well in this film , with very little real dialogue to say , but enough to make us believe his character .
* the acting is truly bad .
lester works for an advertising agency .
a little unrealistic , but who ever said a kid's movie had to have the slightest hint of realism .
as a child , she witnessed a group of poachers murder her mother ; now , she lives in the jungle to protect the wildlife .
as the manipulative clique leader , she truly dominates every scene she's in ( not a difficult feat in a crowd such as this , however ) .
it is at jabba's home , a creepy-looking stone fortress guarded by hog-nosed beasts , that most of the added special effects come into play .
thirteen years ago , geeky ted ( ben stiller ) lucked out in having dazzling mary ( cameron diaz ) go with him to the senior prom .
the crush was a slow-moving , predictable piece of fluff .
rocky no . 2 is caesar dominguez ( antonio banderas , the 13th warrior ) , best friend of vince who is currently dating vince's ex-girlfriend , grace .
look , that guy just got clocked by a telephone receiver .
lindo calls home to talk to his kids , obviously shaken at working this case .
what's most amazing is that all this success is in spite of a severe lack of originality .
truman would seem to live the perfect middle class lifestyle , complete with a working wife , a best bud , friendly neighbors and interesting co-workers .
the only minutely positive selling point i can even think to point out is the talking bird with a british accent ( courtesy of eric idle ) that thinks he's a rottweiler .
there is also the young hot-shot rookie , ed exley ( pearce ) , fresh out of the academy and all-out to carve a name for himself in the footsteps of his legendary cop father .
apparently the disease sessions help them see what life is like , literally living in pain .
terrible acting , terrible script , and a terrible waste of time changes opinions about all of these actors .
the ending , with its sick twists , manages to be even worse than the rest of the movie .
in an obvious homage , the millionaire's name is price and he sports a thin mustache like price used to have .
they were as happy a group of men as i've ever encountered .
disc two features the never before seen director's cut of the film , which runs 138 minutes long .
finally unable to deal with the lost soul that he has become , lester tries to return to his youth .
the film's conclusion is so preposterous that it's almost worth watching for the sheer masochistic enjoyment of seeing the monumentally idiotic way that the film makers decide to resolve the myriad subplots that are floating around .
in this film , police negotiator danny roman ( samuel l . jackson ) is tipped off by his partner to corruption within the chicago police force .
" get new jobs ! "
beatty's work on both sides of the camera is excellent . ?
it's true that if this same film had been written by a heterosexual , it may have been more controversial , but because it was written by an openly gay writer , the prerogative was set .
perhaps no other movie better than spawn illustrates the deterioration of cinema through computer wizardry .
the day comes when robbie has his own wedding , and he is stood up by his heavy-metal bride ( the movie is set in 1985 ) .
favreau with his hound-dog face and slow-burn personality could be a modern-day oliver hardy , only much wiser .
these were some of the best films of the twentieth century .
this movie cost one hundred and eighty-two million dollars , and there's * nothing * in it we haven't seen before , done better on only a few percent of the cost of this turkey .
cheesy gore .
it's nice to see a risk pay off for a change .
little known facts : ben kingsley's real name is krishna banji , he stands 5 " 8 , was born in scarborough , england , and won the best actor honor in 1982's academy awards presentation for the title role he portrayed in ghandi .
moments , four " holy shit , where the hell did that come from " and one heck of an ending .
the sheer uniqueness of the day to day bug life is very imaginative .
a nonplused giles ends up sitting in a darkened room watching buff male and female bodies in various states of undress .
it tore at my heart to watch a gifted lesbian screenwriter explain that , as a rule , gay audiences hunger for any hint of homosexuality on screen .
the new thx approved audio is loud and clear in all the right places , however you'll be hearing absurd dialogue and a mediocre jerry goldsmith score ( which is completely unrelated to john williams' classic superman theme and sounds better suited for a cannon films' golan-globus production ) .
oh well , maybe it's good for something .
as i said before this is a fun movie , and not just that its really artistically good .
the wrong man writer/director : alexandre rockwell starring : david proval , jennifer beals and laurence bender
the dog is discovered by alex and her in a deplorable state after geoffrey is seen by them electrically shocking it , and mercifully the dog dies .
yes , it's not very original in plot ( just take luc besson's own la femme nikita and mix in plenty of his own the professional et voila ! ) , does have an annoying hip-hoppy soundtrack that just got on my nerves after a while ( i also would have gotten rid of the whole acupuncture thang . . . ) and will have anyone not willing to restrain their disbelief , rolling their eyes all over the place .
this he refuses do and runs .
that , to me , is what makes a dog of flanders all the more delightful .
which really goes to show the sad state of cinema today .
it's not that it's a drunken orgy of sex and violence , but because it's a film that flat-out says you can make a career out of gambling .
it's early in the year , it's a comedy , and teenagers have little clout , but for my money , witherspoon deserves an oscar nomination .
genuine or not , i have to admit , there's just something incredibly fun about watching a fellow who looks utterly sloshed wading into a group of startled opponents and making mincemeat out of them before they even realize what's going on .
another is dutch-born frederique van der wal , who is one of the world's most recognized supermodels , having graced the cover of cosmopolitan numerous times , as well as harper's bazaar , vogue and mademoiselle .
guido , seeing the horrors , is desperate to protect his wife and child .
aditya panscholi is the sidekick again .
the movie is a good basic adventure , with enough plot twists to provide for an ending that is difficult to predict .
what happened here ?
with ivan reitman's enjoyable romantic comedy/adventure _six_days , _seven_nights_ , the lovable scoundrel is back , giving audiences a fresh reminder of why ford is one of the most enduring and popular modern screen icons .
the plot is a big problem here .
carol channing , robert palmer , keith carradine - they're all here .
the house of yes runs a blazing fast 1 : 25 .
actually , it's almost funny in a way .
martha is , of course , the evil one .
holly hunter , who gets extra credit just for appearing in something like this , is pretty good , and so is rosanna arquette ( who adds a kinda cool kinkiness to her role ) .
" hollow man " features a string of hapless , c-list actors ( among them bacon , elisabeth shue , josh brolin , and kim dickens ) in a grade-z plot with a lot of special effects that , frankly , don't look much better than those used in the 1933 version of " the invisible man . "
it opens with a fun , innovative opening credits sequence and quickly goes downhill after that .
artistically , the animators have chosen to adopt the more subdued pastels of chinese artwork , and although this may not live up to the vibrance so associated with many of the other disney works , it helps to contribute a more authentic , and therefore more credible , nature to what otherwise may be seen as a typically " disneyfied " ethnic tale .
i think raimi knew he had a winner on his hands and decided to direct the picture on a natural flowing course .
it's also a power trip , accomplished by manipulating the girls to work for them , mostly by humiliating them and keeping them in place .
the film requires much work , and can be a harrowing experience -- go expecting a quick entertainment and you'll be bitterly dissapointed .
right away the central characters are introduced : the gritty , determined captain ( george clooney ) , the ingenue ( mark wahlberg ) torn between his job and his girlfriend ( diane lane ) , the loving father ( john c . reilly ) , the comic relief who's always trying to get laid ( john hawkes ) , the new guy ( william fichtner ) who immediately antagonizes a crewmate and the quiet , french guy ( allen payne ) .
and puppy dogs' tails .
the movie is now sporting a new soundtrack by band type o-negative and color tinting , much like the 1984 version of lang's metropolis .
if " virus " sounds like all of the previously mentioned movies , you're correct .
the other characters are often lost in a scene with him due to his commanding nature , however , while the star , goodman is actually not at the center of the film .
sure , in sequels you can expect and accept comparisons a lot more , but what about jackie brown , for example ?
many people dislike french films for their lack of closure .
it was sooooo cheezy ! "
jason priestly starts philosophizing about sharks , then laughs maniacally . . .
it turns out that the creepy looking attendant was just trying to warn her about the maniac in the back seat of the car .
titillation , of course .
scenes above the earth are well done , and the orbiting ship is majestic .
the situation is just too cute to resist .
but the parallel does suggest that it is possible to create great cinema from questionable source material .
so what .
this all happens in the opening shot , and it creates so many red herrings and possibilities of what happened that it opens this scene up for close examination and total deconstruction .
by the time they reach the hospital , it's time to unveil the secrets from a dark past that are not only simplistic devices that trivialize the father-daughter conflict , they're also the mainstays of many a bad strindberg wannabe .
in true docudrama tradition , the supporting cast does not outshine the star , complementing his good efforts , instead .
david is offered places in the usa , but his father refuses to let him leave australia .
particularly one .
my apologies to o'donnell fans .
an upset girl wandering the streets at night needlessly taunts a guard dog to the point where - almost unbelievably - it jumps a high fence and chases her across town .
what it is what the spice girls are all about : fun , songs , and a lot of " girl power ! "
an interesting thing happens when melvin takes this dog in : melvin gets to like the dog , and the two develop an attachment which is the catalyst to melvin's softening up to the world around him .
that's just her normal voice !
it is also one of the better family films around this year .
he stays up all night drinking , smoking pot , dancing , falling in love with nikki , and learning to scratch turntables and rap .
goes through bouts of sarcasm , frustration , determination , and revenge while kidman works against her own insecurity and self-doubt .
agreeing to get in his car and show him for ten bucks , edward ultimately accepts , they strike up a conversation , and before long she has been asked up to his penthouse room on the top floor .
he arrives at the same time as annie oakley ( angela douglas ) who is seeking revenge for her father , the sheriff's murder .
i find the ending appropriate ; unfortunately , i found the last ten minutes which led up to the final scene to be very unfulfilling .
.
it is clearly obvious that after the waiting and the hype actually seeing the movie will be anticlimactic .
i find that this fact gives me a little more leverage to complain when a movie goes overboard , and money talks definitely does !
albert brooks is enjoyable as a white collar criminal who talks too much for his own good .
beck recommends that jenny keep the information secret for 48 hours so they can confirm it and then hold a press conference .
part of it is the original idea : who in the world came up with the idea to make a prisoners-of-war movie starring chickens ?
but when an experienced " voice " actor upstages all of the main stars in a summer " blockbuster " romantic comedy with an over-the-top antonio banderas accent , damn dude . . . your
jane burnham is both an innocent girl caught up in what is a dysfunctional family , and a rebellious child ready to abandon them at any moment .
depp is adequate in his role .
the most interesting thing about the truman show is that most of us can probably imagine some ambitious director pitching a show like this .
jock's airplane at the beginning of the film has the registration number " ob-cpo " .
not since contact have i recieved such deep insight into the way the human mind operates and never this year have i been so blown away .
his tale of floating in the water for more than a week with over 1 , 000 other men while swarms of sharks slowly devoured them them is actually more hair-raising than anything spielberg put on screen .
the acting is pretty good overall .
black mask ( 5/10 ) - blade ( 7/10 ) - la femme nikita ( 8/10 ) - lethal weapon 4 ( 7/10 ) - the matrix ( 8/10 ) - the professional ( 9/10 ) - romeo must die ( 3/10 ) - rush hour ( 7/10 ) - shanghai noon ( 6/10 )
i remember it not for it's humor but because i am hate roaches with a passion and was pretty disgusted .
by now you must be aware of the premise : unbeknownst to him , truman ( carrey ) is the star of his own tv series , a 24-7 peep-show in which he is surrounded by actors and placed in loosely scripted situations ; people around the world tune in for the voyeuristic thrill of his genuine reactions to fictitious stimulants .
with some films it might be just a secondary issue , but with `dark city' what we get is nearly an entire film committed to philosophizing and theorizing about human memory and how it defines who we are , which is a poignant theme made through an absolutely beautifully-constructed film with the kind of story and setting that could only happen in a movie .
, high -2 ( -4 to +4 )
i bet it was some hotshot warner brothers agent with an dark armani suit and manicured fingernails saying , " it would be a very light comedic version of any given sunday , and we could throw in the hoosiers angle with the casting of gene hackman as the tough but determined coach .
landau plays a prominent citizen of sleepy hollow , who , on a fateful carriage ride through the forest , is decapitated by an unseen horseback rider .
this wind their way through america searching for dallas ( she is a woman ) .
on top of his lack of employment , dave is also faced with the paranoia of his wife leaving him because of his current financial state as well as his`plump' appearance while gerald have been cheating on his wife by not telling her of his layoff for as long as 6 months , leaving home for `work' when he was actually a long-standing member of the worker's club .
horror ! --the
it's a waste of time and money .
why do so many children's films treat their target audience with utter contempt ?
i liked bogart's character and his acting ( not over the top as most actors in his era ) .
starring geoffrey rush , famke janssen , and chris kattan .
he threatens a lot of people , mind you , but he's doing it in a very nice , polite way .
needless to say , twins adam and jacob warton are adorable beyond belief .
how about the three guys with rifles , who trap a lion and then can't even hit the damned thing ?
although based on a ruth rendell story , " live flesh " is brimming with the acclaimed spanish director's high-heeled flourishes .
several scenes are tinted .
once there , he hooks up with his deceased brother's girlfriend , played by natasha henstridge , and the two of them set out to discover who the murderers are .
somehow , it achieves hilarity without disrespecting it's gravely serious subject .
as we follow this expedition to mars and watch them slowly float in space , the hardest thing to do is stay awake .
now back to the preview .
there's a lot of new faces on the scene too : sidney's new boyfriend , derek ( jerry o'connell ) and her new roommate hallie ( elise neal ) , randy's fellow film student mickey ( timothy olyphant ) , gale's newly-assigned nervous cameraman joel ( duane martin ) , omnipresent local journalist debbie salt ( laurie metcalf ) , co-ed cici cooper ( ms . buffy herself , sarah michelle gellar ) , and a pair of simpering sorority sisters ( rebecca gayheart and sirens' portia di rossi ) .
after being exposed to two and half hours of the film and three decades of criminal history ( based on some notorious real life events ) , the audience understands why the characters chose such dangerous life paths , trading the superficial and short-lasting glamour and prosperity of a criminal to the dullness and poverty of honest citizens .
in existenz , we learned that our life could be just a game .
operation condor has pretentions of being a " raiders of the lost ark " knockoff , but one wonders what jackie could do with the raiders franchise blocking for him -- with a lawrence kazdan screenplay , a john williams score , spielberg directing and george lucas producing , condor might be an a+ movie .
the supporting characters are worse .
a blonde christina ricci is in fine form as von tassel's daughter katrina , and an unlikely romance between she and ichabod is surprisingly consistent .
we see lt . ripley and the little girl in their cryogenic compartments . . .
did i say " admire " , i meant " am disgusted " !
i showed her a picture of cusack's mug in the paper hoping for an " oh - him , yes he's quite good " instead i got a " no - i don't know him " .
more time needed to be spent on white's character before he became spawn for the movie to pull at the heartstrings .
by doing so , fincher creates some of the best scenes in the entire alien franchise .
throughout the first portion of the film we see how far kelly will go to get sam until she accuses him of rape .
gabriel byrnes ( who ironically played a priest in " stigmata " ) here plays satan and gives a good performance but again seems held back and not into his character .
he is displaying the historical facts and at the same time concentrating at the human element .
i've loved all his films , until this one .
robert de niro is hilarious as vitti , playing it dead straight but coming off as really funny .
the rest of the story isn't important because all it does is serve as a mere backdrop for the two stars to share the screen .
and yet , it+s backdrop is merely that .
" romeo must die " is in many ways a fun film .
everyone else comes across as half-asleep .
based on elisabeth sanxay holding's novel " the blank wall , " " the deep end " is a well-crafted thriller written and directed by scott mcgehee and david siegel ( " suture " ) .
braugher strikes the perfect facial expression here , simultaneously dismayed and amused .
two , the script has no sense of humour .
but , with the exception of the first film in the series ( which provides little more than endless shots of amazed faces ) , i've never been bored by any of the enterprise's numerous missions .
while i'll grant that this does happen , and i tend to shy away from watching such garbage , it's still a pointless focus for a film that purports to articulate the specific qualities of couplehood .
so , ryan tries to remained focused on baseball .
his girlfriend , mary ( catherine keener ) has no pretensions about her career : she's a makeup artist , working for the eccentric fashion photographer blair ( marlo thomas ) and supermodel of the month , sahara ( bridgette wilson ) .
sammy ( crystal ) , an agent currently without clients , is rescued after a car accident by a sweet romanian giant named max ( muresan ) .
when watching high fidelity , expect to laugh at someone else's pain , realize what you are laughing at , and then laugh again .
the landscape is snowy and cold , and is filmed what i feel is in a rather crisp manner ( which also reminds me of fargo ( which i loathed ) ) .
when the mutant reptile suddenly appears out of the hudson river , tatopoulos and the rest of the team relocate themselves back to the states .
actually , the film takes a few risks in its story and plot devices , but , thankfully , the makers managed to do it right .
while titanic managed to feast the eyes and soul in an epic way , the full monty gives one the same satisfaction ? ? . in
right after the first testing of this world , fuller ( ) is found murdered .
wow , a film without any redeeming qualities whatsoever .
he's one of those very talented performers who once had a fine career but ended up in direct to video junk during his twilight years .
, low +2 ( -4 to +4 )
steven , who is emotionally marred by this turn of events , is secluded in a tiger cage with water up to his face when he refuses to participate .
and i'm glad he did because his careful filmmaking stands up well compared to other movies on the same subject .
over 80 ( sorry , hugh ) will know they wasted their money on an unfulfilled desire .
the plot of 8mm is similar to the 1977 paul schrader film hardcore , a surprisingly decent and engrossing tale .
unknown to anyone but the audience , there is an evil doctor stowaway determined to sabotage the entire mission .
the plot is so original and amazing , i cannot believe it .
unfortunately , you would be dead wrong .
they don't care enough about anything to know what's worth fighting for : gladiators who live only for the battle .
_armageddon_ cost over $100 million to make .
will gets way too many one-liners and he has no one to play off of ( execept jeff towards the end , and the two do great ) .
" grumpiest old men " ) .
now the stage is set spawn , the new `enemy of evil' vs evil .
sean young is perfectly cast as larry's picture perfect wife , tish , a superficial and trendy make-up consultant .
it gives high fidelity a quickly paced , informal structure , adjectives which perfectly parallel rob's own lifestyle .
both are supposedly absent from this draggy exercise in elaborate revenge .
the movie is really the story of the four teenagers , discovering who they are and what they want , against a background where at any minute it could all end .
i'd recommend seeing it !
charlize theron defines the term " over-the-top " in her performance as mary ann lomax , a disappointment in contrast to her good performance in " 2 days in the valley " .
i do have one beef with this aspect of the production : the real life mansion used in exterior shots , nottinghamshire's harlaxton manor , is so vast that one has trouble believing that nell and company , no matter how much running away they do from ghosts and goblins , always finish up in locations that were established in act one , as if all the action has been confined to one wing of hill house .
unfortunately for us , a big bore !
pearce's exley is cool and calculative in his actions and there is a slight hint of val kilmer in his appearance .
wow . . . . i
i'm not entirely sure why , exactly .
but he's a mathematical genius with a photographic memory and the ability to conceive simple solutions to complex problems .
actually , it was the high point of the movie for me .
the way the movie is made , for pure visual style , tykwer's movie is breathtaking ( literally , sometimes ) .
nevertheless , there are several creepily effective scenes as the spirit of azazel moves from body to body when people bump against each other on crowded city sidewalks .
that music alone should be the reason to view amarcord as one of the indisputable classics of seventh art .
amazingly , aside from gilbert gottfried's 90 seconds of screen time , there was no comedy in the film for me to express myself in such a manner .
at times , this is actually helpful , and it has a use beyond the obvious , but there are occasions when ponderous lines like " i like the night ? sometimes you come face to face with yourself " become a little hard to swallow .
the sequel does the reverse and drives the negatives of the klumps right in to the hilt , making the first five minutes of their interaction enjoyable and the last 55 or so unbearable and pathetic .
so , is it that bad ?
like the rest of the movie .
because they're all thumbs ! )
years .
his direction is excellent and makes this film come to life in ways no " alien " film has before .
the look is so moody and melodramatic that you'll be shocked when you leave the theater .
ving rhames also makes an appearance in this movie , and though he has great screen presence ( although so do connery and zeta-jones ) and the most interesting character in the film , not even he can rescue this film from the depths of the boring film abyss ( a concept i invented just to describe this picture ) .
while the plot of con air finds poe a parolee on board a hijacked prison transport plane whose goal is just to get home , cage's goal is different but just as simple : to get out of the film with some measure of dignity intact .
" star trek : insurrection , " is a completely unoriginal and cheap-looking installment in the series , and is a big step down from , 1996's " first contact , " which at least appeared to try to make something a bit different .
the story involves the disruption caused by the archaeological professors of the day-to-day running of the camp , the search for the minah bid and greyhound , the major , fred and ernie's desperate need of a woman , a misunderstanding leading to a striptease at the caravan park's pub , and a shock in store for daphne .
and the special effects are somewhere between an old rerun of star trek and what you see in a home movie .
--scenes of intelligent , amusing dialogue with no relevance to the plot --a story that jumps back and forth in time rather than going in a logical , chronological sequence --graphic yet necessary violence --an engaging crime story --dialogue liberally spiced with swear words and racial/gender slurs --three of the same actors ( harvey keitel , tim roth and steve buscemi ) --a mexican standoff ending , although this one is considerably less optimistic than pf
goes to some effort to place the film in a sociological perspective , explaining how contrary ballroom dancing is to the japanese sense of propriety .
* * a little creaky , but still better than staying at home with gotcha !
just listening to him speak for five minutes makes the audience immediately sympathetic for rob , who must work with him every day of the week .
naturally , udall , conelly and gay neighbor simon bishop ( kinnear ) who nicholson hates , all hit it off in the end .
even the whole " matrix " ending wasn't even good .
capone , a tough as nails super cop , gets a transfer back to his hometown of kingston after successfully taking down some gangsters that have broken into his home ( while he was with his lady ) and killed his partner in front of him .
for those curious however , it might be worth the rental , but other than that avoid this one .
the doctor ( hawtrey ) is sworn to secrecy : - " i assure you , that anything you say to me today will go in one ear and straight out of the other ! "
it was originally rated g when first released but it now carries the pg rating , mostly for very mild nudity and one scene in which a body's wrist is slashed , spilling its powdered blood .
it's odd , though , when you pick up a phone to realize that nobody's on the other line .
yep , you read that right . . .
it feels oddly exciting to be introduced to young anakin , a boy whose innocence , we know , will be taken away and who will soon cross over to the dark side .
it's a credit to almod ? var's craft that these five individuals cross paths and intertwine with such credulity .
review : " quills " is an exploration of the marquis de sade : his madness , his cruelty and his perversion , his obsession with sex in any form , no matter how obscene .
and thus he slips into a familiar , surreal role as his own commentary on the proceedings -- cage plays cameron poe as a buffed-up version of raising arizona's h . i . mcdonnough .
although it's filled with inside jokes , you'll still be laughing even if you only get some of them .
and sinise hams it up with " wistful " facial expressions while watching tapes of his dead wife ( played by kim delaney , who only has one scene during which she still manages to deliver some ridiculous dialogue in a heavy-handed monologue about the meaning of life ) , and especially during the stolen-from-no-less-than-three-movies ( a lollipop to whoever names them ) conclusion , which combines endless , obvious explanation and sub-par cgi effects with gagging sentimentality and is sure to alienate any viewers who had been enjoying the show up until then .
he'll be around for a while .
the basic plot of ghosts of mars has much in common with that of assault on precinct 13 except that precinct 9 ( yes , precinct 9 ) has been replaced by a somewhat tacky looking rundown martian mining colony .
the supporting cast of greedy co-workers is also flawless .
it seems like these are real people we are watching rather than actors playing roles .
second , it deals with the historical involvement of several american politicians in the case , including president martin van buren and former president john quincy adams ( anthony hopkins ) .
dabney coleman's comedic talents are utterly wasted as chief quimby .
in some cases , a sequel can even discredit its predecessor , as with the latest neo-slasher flick , i still know what you did last summer .
the first film , while often violent and gruesome , was mostly lacking in genuine scares because almost every scene was played for camp value and the discussion of the quirks and cliches of horror movies was nearly constant .
need i say more ?
this is a film about secrets , some that are innocent like those of a cute little farm girl , frances boyd ( ashley ) .
but hicks' direction is lovely without being cloying , and despite the movie's general lack of incident , it never ceases to weave its spell over the audience .
" being john malkovich " isn't an excellent film , but it is definitly entertaining and will eaisly become a cult favorite .
the pod crashes on firorina 161 , a prison planet designed to house the incurably criminally violent .
an amazing method actor in the eighties who fell into drugs , spousal abuse , a boxing career , and an intolerable attitude towards not getting his way , rourke still brings a dangerous sense of purpose to his porn king character .
even * planets * make foreshadowing guest appearances in this film - tatooine ( the desert world where luke grew up ) , coruscant ( the cloud city from " empire strikes back " ) , and alderaan ( leia's home planet - which we never actually see - that gets blown up in " star wars " ) show up or are mentioned briefly in passing .
they live above the club in what could not possibly be mistaken as a heterosexual abode .
in a way " hollow man " fits perfectly in this collection .
to sum it up , hackers is a terrible computer film .
i'm sure children are the target audience of this movie , but only kids under the age of five may be able to tolerate it .
the implausibilities are endless : what about the toxic bomb in eve's brain ?
hmmmm . . wonder
the story builds perfectly with bold strokes amidst a myriad of subtler underpinnings .
enjoyable , scary , and even sad , titanic is a film cinema was invented for , filling the screen with incredible images , and assaulting the ears with awesome sound .
many of you may have hated him as batman , but this guy is for real .
and while people of today may well laugh at fourteen years past's idea of futuristic data processing clerks , some aspects of this film are surprisingly perfectly in keeping with the way we think of " virtual reality " today .
giancarlo esposito appears as harry's bumbling detective protigi , and john spencer is a suspicious police captain .
starring sarah patterson , angela lansbury , tusse silberg , david warner directed by neil jordan written by jordan and angela carter , from a story by carter cinematography by bryan loftus
phil parma ( philip seymour hoffman ) is his nurse who is frantic to help partridge achieve his final goal .
barbet schroeder ( " reversal of fortune " ) co-produced and should be ashamed of himself .
anyway , it is christmas eve and everyone is waiting to get to la and spend christmas eve there .
worst and most unforgivable was the incredibly bad dialogue .
ulee promises he will bring it to them and takes a deranged helen back to his serene little home where her two children that she abandoned scrutinize her with contempt .
the action is a mixed bag here .
as a result , the women proceed to chase him around the city , in hopes of catching him and tearing his limbs off .
after a predictable mit phillip morrison powers-of-10 zoom-out start ( which can be surprising to those not familiar with prof . morrison's work ) , contact picks up steam , gradually , building , by-the-end , an irresistable juggernaut and a very good movie that does not as is so often the case fall out-of-balance in terms of too much pandering to the technological " geek " side .
as i said , the characters here are only present as a formality : they do little more than state the obvious ( of * course * joe is too big for that cage ) .
" lumumba " is a story that deserves to be told and ebouaney's performance makes the tragedy personally felt .
al .
the love affair between austin and felicity , that does not happen , because his mojo goes missing .
from the animal stars to the way all the characters interact on screen -- the most beautiful part .
a scene towards the end where he has to make a fatal decision is cheapened by the fact that his answer has no emotional buildup .
'traffic violation' dr . daniel's review of u-turn
i found myself wondering what would happen to the characters of the film .
the greatest performances possible are turned in by all actors , and cimino's directing , which is considered to be at his all-time best in this film , is equally dazzling .
as truman's trusting eyes tear over , christof fades up emotional synthesizer music for a worldwide audience of people who apparently never watch anything else .
it's raising arizona without babies , without charm , without laughs , without human characters , and without intelligence ; worst of all , it's creepy .
the frenzied cityscape of new york , with its vibrant day-glo colors , tall buildings penetrating high into the clouds , and the swarm of cars , cabs , and other vehicles flying through labyrinthian skyways , is absolutely breathtaking to behold , especially in a wild car chase sequence early on in the film .
but nora's down on herself for being too shallow and superficial .
there's more to her character than the film takes the time to describe .
there is a danger in that line of reasoning .
hopkins gives his usual excellent performance .
as the movie starts he is leading one of these groups into the woods , on the " blair witch hunt " .
maybe we're supposed to feel sympathy for an adulterer who doesn't initiate his own sex romps ?
the family becomes even more alienated .
and during a biker scene ( involving robin and batgirl - another subplot never handled past initiation period ) , we not only see coolio but a bunch of bad-asses dressed as " droogs " from " a clockwork orange . "
instead , we are treated to shots of a giant crowd partying like it's new year's eve .
aki is infected with the alien force .
not since starship troopers have this many chunks of flesh ( both human and non-human ) been scattered in all directions .
the film's mounting body count bears out the fact that * no * character is safe ( well , * almost * ) ; while in principal i applaud this bold policy , at some point you've got to be wondering about just how many characters will make it to the next sequel .
" seven utterly fabulous wishes for one piddling little soul . "
everything else pales in comparison .
quint is drawn into telling the story of his experiences aboard the u . s . s .
i don't see how , unless , of course , huge chunks of the film have been removed for the sake of running time .
this time , it's a hurricane , an out-of-control police car , and a big round ball that adorned the arena .
the rest of the movie comprises a revenge arc , enough costume changes to fill three productions of les miserables , carbon-copy fight sequences that would lend credible evidence to a jackie chan and the wachowski brothers lawsuit for intellectual property theft , and the strange transformation of sam rockwell into mickey rourke's long-lost brother .
instead , in a tactic that reminded me of the somewhat similar , and conceptually horrifying , sequence in " eye for an eye " ( 1995 ) , cotton weary ( liev schreiber ) , now a big star , drives home to his girlfriend in traffic when the killer calls , demands the location of sidney ? ? ? s home , and , when he doesn ? ? ? t get it , threatens the life of cotton ? ? ? s girlfriend christine , and cotton can ? ? ? t do anything to stop him .
even though the locals try to help the bankrupt widow out as best they can , the creditors swoop down on her like vultures .
he wears a fake neck- brace , waves the finger at the other client and infuses the script with some billy murray .
departing from the honed aesthetic he used in such films as _the silence of the lambs_ and _melvin & howard_ , director demme has used a bit of dramatic overstatement to get across the vivid descriptions in morrison's novel .
jakob the liar is a confused , muddled little movie ; a generically " uplifting " film with a fundamental contradiction : the message it delivers is depressing as opposed to inspiring and the movie doesn't realize it .
the sex and car crashes are far between one another , and the time between them are a tad on the boring side .
this complex set of pressures are reflected well in sabian the negotiator and spacey the actor .
the film is a masterpiece of sets , action , and special effects .
catherine teases harry and enjoys his attention , but her real feelings are hidden beneath a carefully-maintained veneer .
and imagine a picture that finally does justice to the comic-book-gone-feature-film fad that hollywood has recently become abusive of .
it's difficult to be in suspense when you know what's about to happen .
and even if you aren't , you should still like this film .
lara's goal is to stop them and rescue her long-missing poppa ( jon voight , jolie's real life dad ) .
i recognize knock off for its irrefutable badness , but i can't deny it's zany , useless charm .
women in skimpy bathing suits would prance onscreen while hope made growling noises and leered at their breasts .
one of the guys dies , but his girlfriend continues to see him in her life , and has nightmares .
those of you who still want to see the movie should pick a theater with a large screen and a good sound system to enjoy the visual effects and the phantastic surround sound effects .
director ivan reitman keeps the pace brisk .
steve zahn , who plays jack's nearly-brain dead accomplice glenn , steals all of his scenes ( and that's in a film where every scene is already at a high level ) .
there also isn't much chemistry between robbins and lawernce .
this is absurdly false , but the more jakob tells the people of the ghetto this , the more convinced they become that he is abreast of the latest developments in the war that is to decide their fate .
24-year-old syd ( radha mitchell ) , who has a rather bland , live-in boyfriend , was just promoted to assistant editor at the artistic photography magazine " frame . "
you've got to love disney .
van damme #2 is a police officer in france who finds out that he had a twin brother he never knew about after #1 gets killed in france .
ethan hawke does magnificent work , proving his ability to carry a film and reaffirming his enormously high charisma level .
here goes my credibility .
maybe that's going a little bit too far .
a more accurate comparison would be with carrot top in chairman of the board , a film which , unfortunately , this one resembles in several hideous ways .
their elderly neighbors pop in for a housewarming .
throughout the whole film , she looks dorky .
and sometimes , it works .
toward the end of the film i think everything that has been built falls apart .
quaid is obsessed with mars and decides to go with the second best choice ; a brain implant ( fake memory ) of a two week vacation on mars .
of course , leder isn't all to blame for it .
or will this finely honed plan crack over time ?
potentially interesting idea made stagy and boring .
his style does have some unexpected touches including some very odd dream sequences .
at a desert stop for the plane-load of convicts , serial killer garland greene ( steve buscemi ) wanders of into a trailer park where he meets a little girl having a tea party in a drained swimming pool .
poorly developed characters aside , the screenplay also suffers from several logistical problems .
with a total of 4 decent films , it's not a surprise that these big budget failures keep appearing .
to call " jawbreaker " garbage would be to insult garbage .
simon thinks god has a plan for him , a purpose for his life , and his condition , he just doesn't know what .
all in all , another bad live action film from the premere studio for bad live action films .
from otis redding to jimi hendrix , janis joplin to the mamas and the papas , and jefferson airplane to the who , this documentary is jam-packed with contagious energy .
theron and depp are certainly beyond this junk and will get other chances to prove themselves this fall - she as part of an imposing ensemble case in the john irving adaptation " cider house rules , " he in the lead of tim burton's eagerly-awaited " sleepy hollow . "
enter one occult expert agent , plenty of bobo cops and lots of nuns praying , and you've just about got the gist of things here .
" a breed apart " casts rutger hauer as a crazy , bird-loving recluse who picks his feathered friends over kathleen turner .
you've heard all the hype .
although in one sense it may seem tedious , making a movie about the ugliness of greed ( not box office material ) , it does become tedious , not because of the morale ending , but because one expects the movie to end that way .
it goes on , by turns inventive , silly , tasteless , endearing , and sometimes all of these things at once .
the supporting cast do their best aswell , with rex linn as a doubting sheriff , and the other kidnappers .
most serious of all is the use of rock when his wellington counterpart would have been more appropriate .
the jokes in " detroit rock city " rarely are .
this time , a group of horny teens ( who also bring along two aging hippie potheads for some reason ) head up to a cabin on crystal lake for a weekend of sex and weed .
disney's recent classics have occasionally stretched credibility in such films as pocahontas , the hunchback of notre dame , and to a lesser extent , hercules .
jason priestley , cashing in on his beverly hills 90210 image , is surprisingly effective as the shallow ronnie .
so why , you may ask after watching it , does it seem so new and original ?
it's the kind of humor that's funny even after you've seen it five or six times .
the film is not humorous , tense , or exciting .
let's start with the acting .
really .
however , it takes over an hour for duncan to be introduced completely in the film .
as far as the possibility of some good natured exploitation urban legend's setting alone offers a myriad of promising possibilities : it takes place on a college campus , which is always an appropriate playground for the crazed killer .
in the future , i'd be interested in knowing whether the movie is rated d for disrespectful or s for stereotyped .
however , we are left with one consolation , that we were warned by the movie's title -- because snake eyes is nothing more than a roll of craps .
" battlefield earth " has the honor sewed up .
his off-camera speaking , while gripping , sort of downplays the scene to a narration done by any other well-voiced actor .
the cast of this film is absolutely remarkable .
admittedly , i did laugh once in the film , and that's when todd mcfarlane showed up in an unexpected cameo as a bum .
i find most of television so intensely boring that i simply never turn on my set , unless i'm watching a movie .
turner and quaid both kept smiling like some idiots on a game show .
but , even in the film's darkest moments , fate conveniently lends a hand , supplying heavily armored transportation and easily accessible rifles and dynamite .
nothing is said , but just the image of someone walking down a sidewalk says it all .
instead , i'll settle for discussing the movie's worst sin : that sweethearts is painfully contrived and wholly unbelievable , not just in its plot but in its sentiment .
he was already part of a group that gets together for s/m sex .
i've never fully understood wesley snipes's career .
tour with congolese president joseph kasa vubu ( maka kotto ) , but it was too late .
gladly joining that bunch is u-571 , which stars matthew mcconaughey as the executive officer of a u . s . naval submarine during world war ii .
because terel provides all the necessary tools to incite a revolt -- for no particular reason beside the fact that `humans are stupid . '
immediately we get the sense that poker isn't for gamblers , but for near- geniuses with nerves of steel .
according to popular film opinion , a film's greatness is determined by time .
finally , there's mckellar's friend , played by callum keith rennie , a man who has spent his final months trying out every sexual perversion you can think of .
then , when he's ready , he teaches him the seven styles of drunken kung fu .
upon return , he is approached by mining company again , but this time they want him to plan and execute the coup d'etat against kimba .
i appreciate the fact that mckellar didn't want the material to rule the film , and that he wanted the movie to be more of a study in human behavious .
there are occasionally hilarious moments , as when cynthia attempts to give her daughter some unwelcome advice on contraception , " i've got a dutch cap floating about somewhere upstairs " ; or when cynthia stares at her own rather pedestrian legs and tells roxanne , " if you've got it , flaunt it , is what i say . "
and to watch this film is almost as painful .
no scenery except the horizon line and the converging parallel lines of the highway .
do yourself a favor and go see it .
give this dude his own movie !
he has to deal with his two granddaughters' needs and erupting hormones , he is forced to pick up his daughter-in-law in orlando who is strung out on drugs and take care of her , and he is faced with a challenging task : unsettled business his son , who is now in prison , has left behind .
stretch , dude . . . stretch ! !
paxton gives one of the better performances of his career as the straight and serious leader of the group ( a far cry from chet in wierd science ) .
in the opening scene , it is obvious that the defendant that he represents is guilty , but it doesn't hamper lomax's desire to creatively squeeze his client through the doors of reasonable doubt , thereby getting an acquittal .
however , this version is quite different than maunau's original masterpiece .
the film contains no science fiction elements , which allows the viewer to concentrate on the feelings and actions of the characters .
( pcu anyone ?
another scene shows us how , with modern editing equipment , an actress running across a sound stage with a bag of potato chips can be turned into a frightened young girl and her kitten fleeing a terrorist attack on her village .
" the gift " is one of those movies that makes you wonder where you've seen this story before .
the saint is very action-packed , with few slow points .
boasting an unforgettable soundtrack from the grandfather of film music ennio morricone , the stendhal syndrome is a quite magnificent return to form for argento .
there's old flame sway ( jolie ) , who had her heart broken by memphis years ago .
not to be outdone in her quest to regain the attention of john proctor ( daniel day lewis ) , abigail ( winona ryder ) suddenly seizes a chicken , beats it against the ground and smears her face and lips with the fresh blood .
the cast is first-rate : jesse james and jeremy james kissner , who play nello , are some of the most endearing , adorable young stars i have ever seen in my whole life ( so are the girls who play aloise , madyline sweeten as the younger , and farren monet as the older ) .
however a rain of frogs , though it feels biblical , is most definitely not a biblical portent .
strangely enough , on the same mid-january weekend last year , another film was released like this , " deep rising , " about an ugly monster on a cruise liner .
" wild things " has more twists than a crate full of corkscrews , and most are so gleefully , over-the-top nasty that you can't help but be charmed by their absurd showmanship .
in the near future , india and pakistan may launch nuclear missiles at each other .
instead of being a suspense/science fiction film , cameron alters the series and changing it into an action picture .
then there's the erotic content , which nearly earned the film an nc-17 , for a sexless , badly edited , poorly lit menage-a-trois .
elmer bernstein's score is hauntingly melodic and could have been drawn note-for-note from a vintage noir .
obviously , at this point , labute could use a dose of some different kind of material before he pigeon holes himself further , but nurse betty isn't it .
overall rating=
one of the subplots concerns a woman pilot who's great at getting out of tight situations , and does it again and again and again .
" magnolia " uses several effective metaphors to describe its characters .
and worse .
well , " i don't even want to go to college , " she says .
since the film isn't doing very well , they could mean we have no possibility of another sequel , which i want to see .
it's jeroen krabb ? 's melodrama about a community of jews in antwerp in 1972 who can't forget their bitter past .
- gorilla actor has no idea how gorillas move and suit is terrible .
a better name for this movie might've been " wild wild waste " .
all there .
that's a phrase we hear a few different times and it's completely ludicrous .
we're introduced to two jedi , the master qui-gon jinn ( neeson ) and his apprentice obi-wan kenobi ( mcgregor ) .
the script pays no attention to the laws of time and space .
as a wannabe who uses flatulence for a weapon , all of his jokes must therefore be fart jokes .
his initial sea-sickness is suddenly gone , because there are ship , crew and passengers to be saved from evil geiger .
at one end is a soda shop owner-turned-painter named mr . johnson ( jeff daniels ) and at the other end is a close-minded mayor ( j . t .
his rage directed almost singularly at his son , ricky ( wes bentley ) who has just moved with his family to the same neighborhood as the burnham's .
while the summer movie season approached its long awaited cessation , we had yet another shoddy , subordinate disposable celluloid superhero movie brought on by the inexorable hasten from the major studios to please kids with everything they think kids will go for to disburse their seven bucks .
the directing in this movie is wonderful .
we get character change , new characters , and new issues brought up .
didn't he have anyone who could step back from the shooting and make sure there was a coherent story ?
liv tyler is pretty and humourless , as always ; suspiciously , four of her father's band's ( " aerosmith " ) songs grace the soundtrack .
suffering from reoccurring panic attacks , paul decides he needs to consult some professional help .
tv's buffy finds herself on the other side of the supernatural spectrum in " simply irresistible . "
in a very different way , but also using a long single shot , the scene of hortense and cynthia's first meeting in a lonely caf=8a achieves a touching intensity , all the more for their reticence and unspoken feelings .
an experience like baby geniuses can have certain effects on an average moviegoer .
up to that point , all of jimmie's prior girlfriends had turned down his " business proposition " which i felt was good .
the best stuff is in throwaway details in the background , such as sahara's perfume ads : " depression - it's not just a state of mind " .
devoid of its bells and whistles , out of sight is actually a fairly straightforward crime story .
he sends his most rabid henchman don logan ( ben kingsley ) to fetch gal .
i even liked the second jurassic park film .
will it end in a big emotional explosion , a murder , people slowly cutting each other up with words , a familial catharsis , a weather disaster or what ?
the effects are tremendous .
( she does , we discover later , have an imperfection , but deuce decides it isn't important . )
this is a mean-spirited movie , folks !
harrelson is equally adept at taking on roles as zany leading men ( cheers , white men can't jump ) as well as excellent supporting roles such as this one .
then the psychlo make a mistake and capture feisty jonnie goodboy tyler ( barry pepper ) who organizes a revolution against chief of security terl ( john travolta ) and the alien race .
the movie takes place in a futuristic world where babies are created through genetic tampering and not sexual reproduction .
kirk m . petrucelli has done a marvelous job with the recreation of the thirties with its glamour , grace and color ; and setting this world in opposition to our own -- an almost caricatured recreation of the nineties .
chief among them is jodi benson , a 1992 tony nominee for her stage work in crazy for you , who voices the film's heroine ariel to perfection ; with a wonderfully expressive speaking voice full of youthful vigor , and gorgeous singing voice , ms . benson provides a most engaging anchor for the film .
four words : contract with the devil .
the star power here is quite strong , but the viewer can't help but feel the actors are wasted in this production .
all of this culminates in the childhood equivalent of a pilgrimage to mecca : a visit to the magic kingdom .
i also found it odd that bobby and carol's other friend , sully ( whose death as an adult sets up the movie's flashback framing device ) , is paid virtually no attention .
no more punches are thrown , and the basic outline of the original musical are in tact .
the characters ?
is the question that infests the rest of this sci-fi epic .
when you break it down past all its sci-fi elements and serial killer antics , frequency is simply a movie about a father and his son and the bond that they share .
goes steadily downhill as the movie progresses .
the film was to be a pilot for a tv series but writer and director david lynch did not sell his tv pilot and i think he decided that he wanted to do something else with it .
capsule : not as bad a sequel as crow 2 or batman & robin , but still horribly putrid , cheesy and ill-conceived .
there's not much that's original about i still know , and with the market saturated by gen-x thrillers like this one , it's unlikely that i still know will get any recognition other than that of a bad sequel .
the only redeeming aspect of the movie is that i now have a neat idea for a halloween costume , but i'm not sure if the local costume store sells rubber slickers and hooks .
i particularly like the use of slow motion and sound effects .
the ships flown by all are very unique and creative .
the plot involves west and cross-dressing government agent artemus gordon ( kevin kline ) , who are assigned by the president to recover a group of kidnapped scientists .
without that question to ponder , the director's job is more difficult .
whereas the scientist actually hailed from germany , the film finds him still living with his parents on tasmania , a remote australian island .
which it does .
where things get serious is toward the end of the film , when the plot takes a turn that the bus never would , and the story heads down a very dark alley that marks the end of an enjoyable ride .
it lets us see some new dinosaurs ( is that an oxymoron ? ) and gives us a nice and generally reasonably written adventure .
her interest in the field of astronomy developed at a very young age , encouraged by her loving father , ted ( david morse ) , who let ellie use a small ham radio to pick up on frequencies and communicate with people as far away as pensacola , fl ( that was , of course , before the days of internet chat rooms ) .
the legend of 1900 was made by giuseppe tornatore , whose 1988 cinema paradiso is considered a masterpiece by many .
cannibalism is more like a sick game for them .
through a series of circumstances too precious to elaborate upon , dora somehow takes a responsibility in trying to find josu ? +s father .
kathryn wants sebastian valmont to de-virginize cecile caldwell ( selma blair ) , a naive dork-chick who has somehow wronged kathryn .
now they aren't and somehow a computer geek , jeff goldblum , figure out they're using our satellites as a countdown to destruction .
cage , who has been handcuffed to a bed , is rapidly trying to get to his gun , which is on a table .
it's there that he discovers a secret portal that leads to being john malkovich for 15 minutes at a time .
unfortunately the two break up .
but wayne is engaged to the wealthy jessica king ( katie holmes ) , whom annie immediately gets a negative vibe about .
the shaky camera work muddies already perplexing chaos .
sid james , with an american accent , is perfect as the rumpo kid , a part which suits him down to the ground .
de niro is also wasted in his role as a quiet nobody crook out to score a few bucks for himself .
that'll do " ) to " the graduate . "
gattaca begins in the 21st century .
call 911 for the cliche police if you must , but the eyes are the window to the soul .
thank you . . . thank
there are all kinds of twists and turns as the characters wander around , including a fantastic scene in a chinese restaurant that will leave you trying to assemble something out of your moo goo gai pan for months afterwards .
christian even shoots every scene in a weird dutch angle titled left or right for every frame of the movie !
this film is anything but the meloncholy of " hellraiser " parts one through five .
you wanna crush a bunch of beer cans on your forehead and pour honey-mustard all over your chest ?
now we have crap like wild wild west to pass for the western .
this is the kind of role that could easily be turned into a flat stereotype , but john hurt , in what is certainly his best performance in a decade and possibly the most impressive of his long and distinguished career , turns " erstwhile fogy " giles into a three-dimensional human being .
at one point , the men actually spend 30 seconds just free-associating , riffing off variants of the word " san . "
but at least these characters are actually * people * in a beatles' song , whereas other characters such as strawberry fields ( sandy farina ) gets her name from a song about a * place * called strawberry fields .
further respectability comes from ben kingsley's high-powered performance .
i don't think , however , that his presence necessarily hurt ( or helped ) the film .
ironically , the wildest elements of " wild things " are not wild at all .
there's only a little more .
for mr . fincher , i see a long prosperous career ahead of him .
this all could have been enthralling , but it is not the sort of thing that a stylist like michael mann would be likely to do well .
but instead of tapping into the comic possibilities of this role , sinise seems to think he's playing some sort of tough , smart , and smooth criminal mastermind , rather than the complete moron that was obviously written into the script .
so who doesn't know this already ?
the disc gives you the choice of either watching the film full frame or in its original theatrical aspect ratio of 1 . 85 : 1 ( and enhanced for 16x9 televisions .
we get a weak woman with her leg in a cast beating the crap out of a tough bad guy .
even a psychopathic slasher at the camp would have done the trick .
coalwood is a coal mining town , and , except for the few lucky ones who manage to escape on a football scholarship , most of coalwood's boys are destined to work in the mine .
it is closer , perhaps , to a chrichton novel than to an action movie ( crichton novels that have been made _into_ action movies notwithstanding ) .
the movie entertains and offers brilliant performances just as is .
porter goes off on a trip with griffin to sun valley , idaho to have more comic misadventures with wacky women as griffin attempts to tell him that he's gay .
i'm glad to see that someone in hollywood still understands the concept of " less is more " .
on june 30 , 1960 , a self-taught , idealistic , yet pragmatic , young man became , at age 36 , the first head of government of a newly independent african state , formerly the belgian congo .
he's also extremely inept at what he does .
which one is the killer ?
for this film , he won the 1999 razzie award for worst new star , tied with joe esterhas from an alan smithee film : burn hollywood burn .
there is just no way to know , and that frightens him .
how to take my attention , dash it violently against the rocks , and make it so that i'm contemplating my strategy for calling " shotgun " about an hour before i know the credits will roll : deny your characters the ability to think .
vincent , obviously , is rather nervous about this , especially after hearing the tale about a man who was thrown out of a window for supposedly giving mia a foot massage .
the cast tries hard , especially hank azaria , whose character adopts an effete british accent while in costume , but the script is just too lame to run .
so why continue to watch ?
the main culprit behind the hideousness of 102 dalmatians is its predecessor , 101 dalmatians .
and how at the end of the day , the things that matter most are love , truth and honesty .
while i didn't completely love it , i most certainly liked it a lot .
the villain here is noticeably lacking , the special effects are ridiculously overblown and unnecessarily complicated , and the script is non-existent .
ashley is a prison groupie who sends nick many cheesecake photos of her though she's never seen one picture of him .
since winning her academy award for " girl , interrupted , " jolie hasn't taken any projects that would display her acting talents .
as soon as the aforementioned sex scene was over , glen or glenda ?
the outstanding performances by de niro , walken , streep , savage , and cazale , who died very shortly after the filming of the movie was completed , really begin to shine through and promise not to halt in the near future .
well , when 1900 is about 9 or so , he starts wondering all around the ship .
if you are surprised by this , you might want to check on your subscription to people magazine .
meant to be partially autobiographical , carey plays billie frank , a young singer in new york who struggles to overcome a rough childhood and abandonment by her alcoholic mother .
he doesn't let us get bored with the imagery .
the plot couldly simply be boiled down to an assault on a hill .
its pounding drum beats act as a rhythm for the actors .
instead , the rumpo kid shoots the sheriff dead .
told through the eyes of a 12-year-old irish boy , francis ( newcomer eomann owens ) , this peculiar film follows him as we learn a little about his decidedly unstable life .
half the time .
or more deservedly , the hall of fame of the eighth-assedness .
the story revolves around the adventures of free-spirited kayley ( voiced by jessalyn gilsig ) , the early-teen daughter of a belated knight from king arthur's round table .
director tom shadyac ( liar liar ) leads us in and out of patch's life in a sound , intentional manner ; combined with williams' presence on screen , the movie rarely becomes boring .
a long diatribe from bartleby late in the game , in which he laments the destiny of celestial beings , comes at a point when we've heard enough .
this one , it's nothing .
the writers apparantly deemed it necessary to lower the target audience from teens to preschoolers .
although it is slightly slow to begin with , about half an hour into film the pace really picks up , and when christoff is introduced fully the film is on a roll .
all the more amazing is that such a movie comes from a saturday night live sketch that is essentially a one-joke bit .
maybe , if shane were played by sylvester stallone in rambo mode .
if you like the spice girls , you'll like them even more afterwards .
charlize theron , an extraordinary talent , is , like affleck , playing whatever part the script requires her to play , whether it be vulnerability at one moment , anger at the next .
commandments is a bad comedy which could have been a decent drama if daniel taplitz had had the guts to take faith -- and the loss thereof -- at all seriously .
i'm more impressed by it now than i was while watching it , and to me , that's a good sign .
it is at that point when all your hopes for a good entertainment disappears out of the window .
among the five strangers is stephen and his girlfriend , the pregnant tristen , who are writing a book on the hysteria caused by the film called " the blair witch : history or hysteria ? " , and kim , who dresses in black and has some psychic powers .
macaulay culkin is cute but he isn't much of an actor .
there is a lot of mayhem and panic , all done very well by cameron .
marty joins her as his fiancee looks on with envy .
find out below . . .
just don't expect to be popular with the insurance companies .
simon is a man who is a success in his circle of peers , but who is still not accepted by much of society .
i am of the depressing opinion that williams is growing less assured as an actor in his " serious " roles with every passing year .
the plot , simply geared at getting the alien species back on planet earth so that it can reak some more havoc , involves three astronauts landing on mars and inadvertently bringing some alien slime in a soil sample back aboard their shuttle .
he's out of his element without the manufactured and static sexual tension of his tv series ( and i've always thought that the relationship between mulder and scully on " the x-files " comes off more sibling-like than hot-and-bothered ) .
patrick's overriding compulsion : to mate and sire countless numbers of gooey little alien offspring .
the movie is a bit overlong , but nicholson is such good fun that the running time passes by pretty quickly .
that isn't easy , because her modern manners are colliding with traditionalist ways .
mission to mars
this character looks to be one of the most boring , predictable in the film .
but if the film delivers much more than a trite message , it's because we are also shown how hard it can be to face up to ugly truths , even while the evasions and unspoken grievances slowly choke us .
the army comedy genre has never turned out a truly good movie ( if you don't count neil simon's biloxi blues ) .
these commercials cover films like a strange stripper movie called shadow dancer , some weird crap about a dead indian , teens , and wolves , and an " action " movie called detonator starring scott baio .
i believe = that benigni was cautious to preserve the tone , and i like the theory that = it is guido+s alternate reality that we+re seeing .
maybe i should rent she's all that again .
comments : tim burton has directed a number of entertaining and groundbreaking films over the years .
you either know what is going to happen ten minutes into the movie ( i'm talking about you reindeer games ) or you did not guess the ending because it is so outrageously stupid .
he is a jock with a typical cheerleader girlfriend .
or that the psychlo spy cameras somehow don't notice that their slaves are missing for days ?
after seeing the film , i reflected that there was not even one scene , or element , that i liked or enjoyed .
the cover art features a red-tinted , hairy , goateed vampire staring straight at you , his fanged mouth agape , while the bodies of two sexy , writhing women entice you below .
scorsese spares no effort to show us all the violence , hypocrisy and inherent paranoia of organised crime , yet it manages to make it both seductive and funny .
he purchases a gas station on a route he believes the killer takes , and there befriends lori ( wright penn ) and her young daughter .
remember when dante's peak came out in february ?
staying on the path is the conventional approach suggested by rosaleen's elders .
such was the case with frequency .
hess looks like she actually knows some martial arts , and puts together a much more believable fight scene .
and what about this wasted cast ?
the plot follows a group of people chosen at random by an eccentric las vegas casino owner ( john cleese ) who must race from vegas to a bus station locker 700 miles away in silver city , n . m .
since he is the last dragon , he will pretend to die and quaid will be able to get paid for it .
the best that can be said about bride of chucky is that it is sarcastic .
it does have the razzle and dazzle of a great action movie , and with the 100m dollar budget parts seem to show it , parts you have to wonder where all the money went .
joan's end , ( being burned at the stake at the age of 19 ) , the frenzy ( mob rule ) and blood lust her inspiration wrought , and the death , pain , or suffering which followed her campaign all point to a devilish influence rather than a godly one .
and , while there's plenty of horror to go around in scream 2 , the latest '90s slasher flick incarnation , there are also a few laughs to be had .
his only moment of any depth comes when he finally is able to create the worm to get inside the government database .
unconventional , yes , but there's no denying that it'd make for a better movie .
it's a hackneyed premise to begin with , so not surprisingly , all of the stock characters are trucked out .
in fact , some of the main characters are downright lousy in bed .
( even the star trek movies dropped the numbers from their titles after star trek vi . )
all of this is pretty harmless stuff up until the point that you realize that the writers have absolutely no intention of focusing on anyone * other * than carrey .
through the flashbacks , we get to see the story of them through both of the character's eyes , and this gives us a strong sense of what their characters are really like , as the story of us has three dimensional , believable main characters .
it is this circumstance which forms the basis for f . gary gray's the negotiator .
( $2 . 00 )
all in all , " hero " marks a grand return to filmmaking for shaw brothers .
however , since the fox network as been so kind as to air several key episodes for several weeks before the movie's opening weekend i took that opportunity to test the movie .
" scream 3 " provides the latest proof of this rule .
just beats bobby silly .
williams plays jakob haim , a jew imprisoned in a polish ghetto during world war ii .
" did you eat pies ?
it's like " who's going to die first ? "
it's rare to see an action flick as sluggish as this one .
in category one , above , we have a storyline that borders on idiotic ( and , at times , chaotic ) .
the answer is simple .
ewan mcgregor at one point takes up residence in a bell tower just so he could be repeatedly awakened and deafened by the giant bell .
this year , it's no contest , as " quest for camelot " is pretty much dead on arrival .
every scene with her feels contrived , pulling jakob the liar away from its central story of hope coming to a previously hopeless people .
for those who enjoy spotting continuity gaffes , there's a huge one in woo involving a corvette with a broken window that miraculously repairs itself ( added to that is the mystery of how the car looses its top ) .
spy hard achieves neither , as it borrows all of the wrong elements from the superior zucker brothers films .
the only thing that they are sure of is that they have brought something or someone with them from the woods . .
dafoe - there's a bright move .
it works in this case , unlike " who's the boss ? "
the varied relationships between the men are much more convincing than any of the others .
it's certainly a dish best not served in it's current condition , but one can only guess that , without gellar , " simply irresistible " would be strictly unwatchable .
matthew broderick and high school comedy .
in some of contemporary interviews , kaufman defended that approach by claiming that he wanted to make film as authentic as possible , and in order to do that , he portrayed russians not as they were in real life , but as they were perceived by americans in early 1960s .
but overall , the movie will devastate you .
unfortunately , there were some casting choices which led to poor distractions .
can't hardly wait , and krippendorf's tribe .
ted brautigan ( hopkins ) is an enigmatic man to whom bobby takes an immediate liking .
i mean , i mean , cheer for ecstatic joy !
he'd be a good screenwriter .
his sacred wish is to live a normal , quite life away from gunpowder and blood .
the main characters are all closely intertwined within the seemingly complex murder mystery which never actually happened , yet when they start to go through some of the expected emotions it comes off as distant , static and cold ( mediocre performances by hurt and connelly don't help either ) .
eliot ( corbin allred ) reader .
i considered it inexcusable the way the audience was toyed with .
2 ) vince and cesar argue every moment possible on their trip to las vegas .
but the occasional switch to the raging sky and the clouds swiftly fleeing over the white house as events run ahead of the president's ability to control them .
kyle maclachlan must have been promised a big pay-day or his standards have dipped since appearing in " blue velvet " .
in fact , it's the perfect blend of the feel-good '60s nostalgia of stand by me ( also by king ) and mystical power hokum of mile .
it's hard to tell who deserves the most blame - the incredibly bland and corny characters or the horrifically lame script ?
for the most part , though , demme maintains his trademark directorial neutrality .
like most of what comes before it , the ending of good will hunting is completely predictable .
as we begin , elwood is being released from a state penitentiary along with the news of his brother's death in prison years ago .
then it comes , the first ominous bars of composer john williams' now infamous score .
at the time , i didn't really think it was anything special . . . but
martha fiennes' debut feature is ( quite literally ) filmed poetry ( it's based on an epic russian poem by alexander pushkin ) , a profound study of regret , of how we confuse shame with guilt .
with three pre- to mid-teen children and an aging father-in-law to care for--cooking and cleaning and laundry , drop-offs at little league practice and pick-ups from ballet practice--margaret hall's life is rife with complications .
during the 1950's hollywood sought to give audiences a reason to turn off their televisions and go out to the movies by offering the grand spectacle of the roman empire in cinemascope .
i , for one , will be glad when the toilet trend is finally flushed .
in fact , one of the more interesting aspects of the film is a minor character , a rather overeager new york cabbie ( frank van keeken from tv's " kids in the hall " ) , who begins as something of a joke but becomes an important part of the story .
visually , it's as stunning as what dreams may come .
at you can have a good time making fun of bad movies .
soon after , we find out he's a vietnam vet , and his actions become fairly clear to us .
the numerous action scenes are loud and headache-inducing and the frenetic pacing never slows down enough for us to care about what's going on in the movie .
the movie utilizes a strong corps of asian-american talent as the voices for the main characters , including the wonderful ming-na wen ( the joy luck club ) as mulan , b . d .
but in the end it shows out that this is actually happening .
humor ?
c . ) now for the _really_ bad parts .
pitt , an actor i normally loathe , is actually quite engaging as death .
they go from being one newsman blindfolded at the hands of the terrorists to the actual interview with mike wallace ( played by christopher plummer ) .
it's overly sentimental and at times terribly mushy , not to mention very manipulative .
it's as if they just whacked someone on the head , pointed at him and said , " see ?
but i must end my review with a plea to movie theatre owners . . . turn
robin williams is a comedic genus .
if you're into watching near on two hours of bored , foul-mouthed florida teens having sex , doing drugs , having sex , listening to eminem , having sex , playing video games , having sex , and killing one of their peers , then " bully " 's for you .
some of the wit in this movie is sharp and pulp fiction-esque , and some is just dumb & dumber gross ( the bed sheets ) and stupid ( the bb gun ) although the film starts out on a comic note , it takes a sharp term in the middle , and becomes almost depressing .
by leaving home to fight in her father's place , she may not only spare his life , but bring honor , too .
the climactic lightsaber battle ( oh , come on , as if you didn't already know ) , among other things , is outrageously entertaining and defines the term " popcorn movie " .
meyer is endearing , but allowed to be no deeper than cardboard .
not only are they more intelligent than in the past films , they are also more sympathetic .
action fans should take note that hudson hawk is composed of 90% comedy , and even the action sequences are skittery , rushed and poorly edited .
later as he sits by his lonely campfire , a tear rolls down his dramatically lighted cheek in slow motion .
now crock thinks willard has been kidnapped and the two friends , realizing they can make even more money , decide to stage the fake kidnapping .
have we become so technologically advanced that we have forgotten that it was nearly two generations ago where people stood outside to breathlessly see a then-technological achievement , even though it was from the russians ?
i should have know i was headed for trouble during the opening credits , when i found out the screenplay was written by the deeply hated akiva goldsman , who managed to destroy the " batman " series with " batman forever " and " batman and robin . "
" snake eyes " is the most aggravating kind of movie : the kind that shows so much potential then becomes unbelievably disappointing .
in going for the big disaster angle of titanic and the tongue-in-cheek mayhem of tremors , deep rising somehow misses both marks by a wide margin .
the massaging sequences were strangely erotic , maybe even more so than the later actual " love scenes , " and as their romantic involvement quickly developed , the film was both entertaining and sweet , and there was clearly a lot of chemistry between the two .
that said , " wag the dog " is actually a very clever satire on the shady manipulations of political figures and those who assist them .
the film opens with a young dade murphy being arrested for hacking computer systems .
these people do grow on you because they convey genuine passion , a belief in themselves , and because they have long-term goals ; henry and simon may drink a lot of budweiser and hang out on the streetcorner , but they aren't pop slackers .
kelly mcgillis , who could have easily come off as the " bad , " one-dimensional sister , instead is also given an unexpectedly multifaceted character to play as a woman who may be overly protective but simply cares for her brother .
when robert forster found himself famous again after appearing in " jackie brown " , he immediately signed up for a little film called " american perfekt " .
so who really cares ?
in my personal opinion , they couldn't be more wrong .
grace gets elizabeth's heart , and it leads her to bob .
aberdeen is never half so ambitious , content to sleepwalk through the rhythms and timing of other movies .
the films seems patched together of nice little ideas which would have made for a couple good sequels .
francis ford coppola .
on the red planet , they fail entirely .
by trying to satisfy every kind of viewer , it's possible that sphere may end up pleasing no one .
not at all .
the ground crew of people you couldn't care less about is trapped on the surface without food , water or air and stalked by a deadly rogue cyberdog .
though i harped on the weightiness of the material , i was always absorbed , engrossed , and surprised by the sweet hereafter .
ibn fahdlan ( antonio banderas ) is an important official who is banished from his home for sleeping with another man's wife .
here you learn _two_ things .
the only worthwhile element of tarzan and the lost city is the pretty scenery ( which , unfortunately , includes the two lead actors ) .
it doesn't get any better when the action scenes begin .
so why am i even giving this film a rating of three points ?
others will likely be less charitable .
harrison ford is perfect as the every-man with the brains of a scientist and the brawn of an outdoors adventurer , and spielberg manages to achieve the ideal balance of action , fun , adventure and humor .
but which is more important ?
does he really need to waste his time doing drivel like this ?
this is a bad movie .
in certain parts it manages to sink to the level of a " saturday night live " spinoff -- a number of humorous skits connected by a token plot -- but in the movie's second half the script's circular nature becomes admirably obvious .
as the movie progresses , we are shown terror tactic training , as a drill sargeant very graphically compound fractures one recruits arm , and throws a knife through another's hand .
writer/director daniel taplitz has created a bizarre conglomeration of satire and soul-searching in this tale of seth warner ( aidan quinn ) , a man of faith who runs into a streak of bad luck which usually inspires country-western lyrics : his pregnant wife drowns , his home is destroyed by a tornado , he loses his job and his dog is crippled by a bolt of lightning .
he also absolutely nails alec guiness' ( obi-wan in episode 4 - 6 ) scottish accent , and that really makes his presence in the film more profound than it might have been otherwise .
and the story he's been put in is as limp as they come .
it has some warm and humorous spots , but not enough to overcome its many obstacles .
in the present , however , it's an enjoyable little picture that everyone ought to take a look at .
but for the sake of this bad movie ?
if the goal of the babysitter was to be humorous , then it also fails .
director francis ford coppola does this film a little differently than the stereotypical law movie .
not only does he sound unmistakably like talented voice-over artist roger jackson ( ha , ha ) , he can now easily duplicate the voices of the lead characters , including sidney , and the returned gale weathers ( courtney cox arquette ) and dewey riley ( david arquette ) .
the panes of glass separate , pulling apart the pieces of the still-living horse .
after a wild night of gambling , boozing , and drugs , a stripper ( carla scott ) who was paid for by robert comes into their hotel room , but after a freak accident , to everyone's terror , she is killed .
despite exuding charm from every pore , there's little that pinkett smith and davidson can do to save their characters or david c . johnson's script .
but a little niceness goes a long way these days , and there's no denying the entertainment value of that thing you do ! ; it's just about impossible to hate .
well , if i was , i sure missed that boat , because the only thing that i ended up caring about during this entire picture was the obscene amount of fat that tom hanks has been able to burrow under his loose chin .
the references to ricky ricardo and senor wences ( huh ! ? ) , the idio-plot points like when one of the characters goes on the roof to stretch his arms out and relax , but everyone believes that he's going to kill himself ( hardy-har-har ) and the cheap way of getting the audience to leave the theater laughing by bringing back a ball-sniffing dog that has no place being in the location at the end of the movie , well . . . i
there is a reassuring honesty to the friendships , even when it hits its low points and the friends commiserate .
the actual killer will attack at about every third music blast .
as the family eats , she looks on them and smiles .
i avoided a commitment by appealing to etymology .
the film is ripe with cheating lovers cheating on each other and back again .
i mean , if all it takes is girl power , then why are they only one thread away from bursting out of their skimpy outfits ?
among others , they include carrie fisher as a bible-toting nun , mark hamill as a comic book version of his famous alter ego and gus van sant as a director too busy counting his money to yell , " action ! "
here , it's mom and against wife , with jackson caught in the middle .
in his films , williams has often tried to balance his mania with touchy-feely emotion , leading to wildly uneven performances .
his character is often similar bill murray's award winning role in the 1998 film , rushmore .
why ?
although it's portrayal of the upcoming century is grim , " gattaca " serves up one of the most thought-provoking societal forecasts ever depicted on film .
_onegin_ could have added up to little more than a distinguished episode of " masterpiece theater " , even with its current cast of thoroughbreds intact , were martha fiennes not at the helm .
despite the vast differences in opinion regarding a " supreme being " , ellie and palmer hit it off , and even take the time to sleep together .
in only the lead actors lived up to the standards set by the rest of the cast .
the quality of director bruce beresford's movies seems to depend on luck .
as is the case with most disney musicals , the songs are first rate and pervasive throughout the film .
regardless of what i say about knock off , you can't grasp its awfulness from my words .
most of the movie's running time is spent with mr . white and pink waiting at a warehouse for the others to arrive .
again , the storyline is as cliched as they come .
also , the performances , apart from douglas , are below par .
hollywood has given audiences plenty of thrills with those alien films , but what was usually lacking was a good story . . .
the film has an upbeat ending with hope that the family has found a way to deal with its problems .
fernanda montenegro surprisingly got an oscar nomination for this very delicate performance , but the true marvel is that of vinicius de oliveira , who plays josu ? .
there are a few bright moments , but they are far and few between .
eugene sands ( duchovny ) is a surgeon so dedicated to his craft that he becomes addicted to amphetamines to stay awake and work more .
the casting is spot on , the acting is terrific and the script is intelligent , witty and consistently engaging , cleverly updating the original .
the " original " inhabitants of the earth , fairies and elves , return to populate the globe , along with their evil , mutant counterparts .
notting hill's trailer is awful : a laughless , schmaltzy montage .
( dreamworks skg ) running time : 2 hours starring robert duvall , tea leoni and elijah wood directed by mimi leder the first of the two asteroid movies coming out this year ( the second is the macho armageddon ) is actually a dull affair .
but one thing leads to another , and the next thing you know , li's being chased by the same french cops with whom he was supposed to be working .
when they aren't , well , we're in bad shape .
jackie shroff looked really stupid with his steven seagal ponytail .
the shark in " jaws " was actually a combination of actual footage and five different mechanical sharks ( all nicknamed " bruce " by the crew ) built to be shot from different angles .
but you can easily predict each of the supporting characters who will be killed , along with the order of their elimination .
in short , while an american werewolf in london has become something of a minor classic in its genre , the woeful an american werewolf in paris seems destined for late nights on cinemax ( it even has the necessary gratuitous nudity ) .
i didn't laugh at ellen degeneres much ( i think i was supposed to ) .
and so on and so on .
regardless of the role he's playing , he comes off as a weirdo .
one of my colleagues was surprised when i told her i was willing to see betsy's wedding .
the movie doesn't even work as an action film .
the only bad-guy cliche he has to wallow around in is the one about how the bad guy always has exotic women dripping off of him .
like anthony hopkins for " legends of the fall " ( the line " scrooooooo 'em " has been thus embroidered upon my membrance ) .
images are sharp , colors jump off the screen , and the picture is free of scratches or artifacts .
this does not happen in a single episode , but becomes more commonplace than sleeping in the picture .
mr . magoo gets it and , of course , does not realize he has it .
plot : in order to escape major financial difficulties , a local weatherman hooks up with his ball-picking lotto girlfriend and rigs the state lottery .
as good as this revival was , there is something missing from it to make sure it was really doctor who .
until that time , only the television movies like this one bothered to pay attention to that phenomenon .
sets , costumes and action sequences are all very commendable .
there is some promise , but it's all in the setup .
who exactly is watching us , up there in the sky ?
composer joseph vitarelli provides a score full of whimsical woodwinds , turning seth's sacrilegious mission into an amusing lark ; quinn's performance as seth is all wild-eyed fervor without any genuine pain .
in fact , every line of dialogue in the film is in service of moving the plot along , rather than getting to know the people saying the lines .
everyone is totally engrossed .
one might have expected this inevitable joke to come off as wearisome , but as with most of " chicken run , " it comes as a delightful surprise .
here's the `plot . '
the resort is filled with a skeleton staff that seemed like love boat rejects .
this is nothing more than a by-the-book action film .
so big ! " ,
tammy is a lesbian who , to say the least , is going through a period of self discovery .
great acting , music and cinematography were nice , but too many dull sub-plots and characters made the film hard to follow .
finally , when she cleans out his accounts and disappears , luis begins to suspect that something might be wrong .
what better way than by sacrificing a few minor characters to a convenient nuclear detonation , killing anything the machine guns can't handle .
then one of the girls lets her hair down and sheds her clothes .
and everyone's helping with the pregnancy .
why she is so underutilized in this film is a real mystery .
that seems strange , since i thought that was what this film was supposed to be about .
many of the action and murder sequences are directed with his characteristic finesse and feature plenty of intriguing camerawork .
i really wish filmmakers would just retire that whole loud-noise-jump-scare thing .
griffith ( thematically speaking ) .
flash to the united states and someone is offering to fund paleontologist alan grant ( sam neill ) in his research if he will go and fly over isla sorna and act as a guide .
spielberg said the only way he could shorten it was if indy pulled out his gun and just shot the guy .
rebecca gayheart , following roles in " scream 2 " and " urban legend " , should have known better than to take yet another role in yet another teen body count movie .
dancing isn't the only thing glazed over in _54_--so is the sex , but that may not be entirely christopher's fault .
when lovely teacher miss riley ( played by laura dern ) , suggests that he enters his findings into the national science fair , we know exactly who is going to win .
when the ship does hit the iceberg at exactly 1 : 40 into the film , and eventually sinks , you never really feel for any of these characters .
we've seen it all before , and we're just not blown away with it like we should be .
but if one human gets cornered , he lays waste to whole platoons of bugs with one clip .
what is progress ?
and even the predictable car chases are more hong kong than hollywood , as they trash those quaint french cafes , vegetable carts , and , well , french people that , we all know in our hearts , deserve trashing just for being so damn quaint .
secondly , the film is the re-discovery of yuen biao .
as feel-good formulaic as it may be in its own way , shall we dance ?
as maria , isabella rossellini is a joy to watch ; she is shy , sensuous , and immensely alluring .
the marvel of labute's multi-layered script is that it can disturb each member of its audience in an entirely different way .
to me the story of " the blair witch project " seemed completed , but there are obviously no limits to commercial success that " the book of shadows " is certainly assured .
the mission will barely fail , and freeman will tell the country that the comet is still headed toward earth , and there's a remote chance it will strike , but that the nation's crack scientists and astronauts have some brilliant plan to stop the problem .
judging by that opening paragraph it is obvious that i like the spice girls .
the biggest suspect is an authoress , catherine tramell ( sharon stone ) , who wrote a novel in which the murder was eerily presaged .
their intellect does not count for much and when they increasingly become suspicious of reverend flasher aka dick turpin ( sid james ) , whom they confided in earlier , they still cannot believe that the rector has any part in these robberies .
it's a shame that with so much going for it , city of angels falters so much in its final stages , leaving us with the realization that an emotionally incredible movie was out there , they just didn't know quite how to get to it .
by revelation . ) "
secondly , a cheesy soundtrack tries to connote a tone of mystery , but only succeeds in drowning our ears with an abrasive musical score .
the number of cliches and shallow characters made the film difficult to sit through seriously hurting its attempt of having a fast paced premise .
the creaks and moans heard throughout the house were prerecorded and played during filming in order to get a more natural expression of fear out of the actors .
this movie's got some pretty intensive shoot-out scenes , one of the coolest robbery scenarios that i've ever witnessed , featuring several elvises with guns a blazin' and the king's music playing in the background , and a decent helping of double-crosses , sharp dialogue and funny moments .
" tomb raider " tells a story , sort of .
and poor elle .
so we only see snippets of snuff , and a lot more footage of nicolas cage covering his face in horror .
no , the project was probably doomed even before the cameras rolled .
expecting to see a good movie , but this screwy discourse about transvestitism betrays a level of incompetence that i didn't know was possible .
there's a chance for some smart satire on small town obsessions but the humor here is decidedly lowbrow .
the story changes again when the robinsons crash land on an alien planet and must act quickly to escape it and survive .
in large roles and small ( edie mcclurg as dotting busybody carlotta is ideal , and rene auberjonois has great fun with his exuberant french chef ) , the little mermaid is impeccably cast .
not much , and you can hardly blame him .
wallace speaks of freedom , but his acts point toward vengeance .
events like these lead to the inevitable showdown between stalker and stalked , where only one survives ( guess who it invariably always is and you'll guess the conclusion to this turkey ) .
anderson's control over transitioning from one story to another story is masterful .
the film's eerie landscapes and foggy towns , indeed , overshadow the actors and the plot as the most noteworthy aspect of the movie .
damon has his first major starring role , a la mcconaughey , in a john grisham adaptation--in this case , francis ford coppola's take on the rainmaker .
